---
id: checklist
title: Contribution Checklist
---

This document includes a checklist that summarizes the list of files that you need in order to contribute to the Cortex XSOAR content repository. Please make sure you have everything before you open a Pull Request (unless stated otherwise).

Keep in mind that content packs can contain multiple types of entities, such as Integrations, Automations, Playbooks, Incident Types, Incident Fields, and so on.

Depending on whether your content pack is aiming to be *certified* or not, there will be different requirements.

This article also includes a Pull Request checklist, that summarized everything you must do before and after opening a Pull Request on GitHub to contribute your pack.

Happy contributing!

# Content Pack checklist

No matter you include in your content pack or whether it's going to be certified, the pack must include the following:

- Pack Metadata file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/pack_metadata.json`) : the information about your content pack. It should be compiled with all the required information, as explained [here](packs-format).
- Pack README (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/README.md`): the readme of the pack file. More information [here](pack-docs).
- Release Notes (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/ReleaseNotes/1_0_1.md`): these are required only if you are updating an existing Content pack, not for the first. More information [here](release-notes).

**Note**: Please use PascalCase (YourPackName) for the names of the directories and files that include your company, integration and playbook names (see the examples below).

As a reference, you can check the tree of the [Hello World](https://github.com/demisto/content/tree/master/Packs/HelloWorld) pack on GitHub.

## Where do I get all these files?

Integrations and Scripts should be written with your favorite IDE (see [here](dev-setup) and [here](tut-setup-dev) for details on how to set up your dev environment)

All other entity types (Playbooks, Test Playbooks, Incidents/Indicators Fields and Types, Layouts, Classifiers and Mappers, Widgets, Dashboards) should be created in the Cortex XSOAR UI and exported using `demisto-sdk download`. You can also export the files manually via the Cortex XSOAR UI (either individually using the download icons, or using the `Export Custom Content` feature) but, in that case, you'll need to format them using `demisto-sdk format`.

##  Integrations

If your pack contains at least an Integration, the integration directory should contain the following:

- Code file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/YourIntegrationName/Integrations/YourIntegrationName.py`): your integration implementation [code](code-conventions).
- Metadata file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Integrations/YourIntegrationName/YourIntegrationName.yml`): YML file with [integration metadata](yaml-file).
- Description file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Integrations/YourIntegrationName/YourIntegrationName_description.md`): markdown file with instructions on how a customer can configure the integration instance ([example](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/Packs/HelloWorld/Integrations/HelloWorld/HelloWorld_description.md)). It shows up as a snippet when the user clicks the question mark icon in the integration configuration panel.
- Image file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Integrations/YourIntegrationName/YourIntegrationName_image.png`): the integration [logo](integration-logo).
- README file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Integrations/YourIntegrationName/README.md`): the integration documentation, mostly autogenerated (see [here](integration-docs)).
- Command examples file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Integrations/YourIntegrationName/command_examples`): needed to [autogenerate](integration-docs#command-examples) the documentation
- Unit tests file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Integrations/YourIntegrationName/YourIntegrationName_test.py`): must be included to automatically test the code during the review phase. More details [here](unit-testing)
- Unit tests data (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Integrations/YourIntegrationName/test_data/*.json`): contain example responses from your product API and are used in [Unit tests](unit-testing). [Examples](https://github.com/demisto/content/tree/master/Packs/HelloWorld/Integrations/HelloWorld/test_data) from Hello World.

**Note**: if you use PowerShell and not Python, the extension of the code files will be `.ps1` instead of `.py`.

### Additional requirements Certified packs

If your integration is going to be *certified*, you also have the following requirements (optional for non-certified):

- Test Playbook (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/TestPlaybooks/playbook-YourIntegrationName_Test.yml`): required for nightly builds. More information [here](test-playbooks)
- Custom Incident Types, Fields, Classifiers, Mappers and Layouts: **if** your integration the ability to [*fetch incidents*](fetching-incidents), most likely you need to provide custom Incident Types and the related entities. This is usually covered during the Design phase: work with your Palo Alto Networks alliance contact if in doubt.

... and of course your adherence to our best practices and [code conventions](code-conventions) will be evaluated in a stricter way.

## Playbooks

If your pack contains at least a playbook, the playbook directory must contain the following files:

- Playbook file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Playbooks/playbook-YourPlaybookName.yml`): if exported directly from the XSOAR UI, it must be formatted with `demisto-sdk format`.
- README file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Playbooks/playbook-YourPlaybookName.md`): documentation file for the Playbook, mostly [autogenerated](integration-docs#creating-documentation)
- Image file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/doc_files/YourPlaybookName.png`): image of the Playbook as exported from the XSOAR UI. Its link should be added to the README file as explained [here](integration-docs#images)

*Note*: the playbook README file must be updated with the correct image link after the Pull Request is opened, as explained in the documentation [here](integration-docs#images)

## Incident or Indicator Fields

If your pack contains at least a custom Incident or Indicator field, you'll need:

- Incident or Indicator field JSON file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/IncidentFields/YourIncidentFieldName.json` or `Packs/YourPackName/IndicatorFields/YourIndicatorFieldName.json`): if exported directly from the XSOAR UI, it must be formatted with `demisto-sdk format`.

## Incident or Indicator Types

If your pack contains at least a custom Incident or Indicator type, you'll need:

- Incident or Indicator type JSON file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/IncidentTypes/YourIncidentTypeName.json` or `Packs/YourPackName/IndicatorType/YourIndicatorTypeName.json`): if exported directly from the XSOAR UI, it must be formatted with `demisto-sdk format`.

If you have a custom Incident or Indicator type, most probably you'll also have to include corresponding *Classifiers*, *Mappers* and *Layouts*:

## Classifiers and Mappers

- Classifier JSON file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Classifiers/classifier-YourIntegrationName.json`): if exported directly from the XSOAR UI, it must be formatted with `demisto-sdk format`. If exported from Cortex XSOAR 5.x, it must also be [converted](incident-classification-mapping#classifier--mapper-files-structure) to 6.0 format.
- Mapper JSON file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Classifiers/classifier-mapper-incoming-YourIntegrationName.json`): if exported directly from the XSOAR UI, it must be formatted with `demisto-sdk format`. If exported from Cortex XSOAR 5.x, it must also be [converted](incident-classification-mapping#classifier--mapper-files-structure) to 6.0 format.

If you want your pack to be also compatible with version 5.x of Cortex XSOAR (5.0 and 5.5), you'll also need:

- 5.x Classifier & Mapper JSON file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Classifiers/classifier-YourIntegrationName_5_9_9.json`)

## Incidents or Indicator Layouts

- Layout JSON file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Layouts/layoutscontainer-YourIncidentTypeName.json`): if exported directly from the XSOAR UI, it must be formatted with `demisto-sdk format`. If exported from Cortex XSOAR 5.x, it must also be [converted](incident-customize-incident-layout#layout-file-structure) to 6.0 format.

If you want your pack to be also compatible with version 5.x of Cortex XSOAR (5.0 and 5.5), you'll also need:

- 5.x Layout JSON File (one file for each Layout type, i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Layouts/layouts-details-YourIncidentTypeName.json`)

##  Scripts (Automations)

If your pack contains at least an automation script, the automation directory should contain the following:

- Code file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/YourScriptName/Scripts/YourScriptName.py`): your script implementation [code](code-conventions).
- Metadata file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Scripts/YourScriptName/YourScriptName.yml`): YML file with [script metadata](yaml-file).
- README  file (`Packs/YourPackName/Scripts/YourScriptName/README.md`): the script  documentation, mostly autogenerated (see [here](integration-docs)).
- Unit tests file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Scripts/YourScriptName/YourScriptName_test.py`): must be included to automatically test the code during the review phase. More details [here](unit-testing)
- Unit tests data files (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Scripts/YourScriptName/test_data/*.json`): contain example responses from your product API and are used in [Unit tests](unit-testing).

**Note**: if you use PowerShell and not Python, the extension of the code files will be `.ps1` instead of `.py`.

If your integration is going to be *certified*, you also have the following requirements (optional for non-certified):

- Test Playbook (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/TestPlaybooks/playbook-YourScriptName_Test.yml`): required for nightly builds. More information [here](test-playbooks)

... and of course your adherence to our best practices and [code conventions](code-conventions) will be evaluated in a stricter way.

**Note**: if your pack contains both integrations and scripts, you can use a single Test Playbook to test both.

## Widgets

If your pack contains at least a custom widget, you'll need:

- Widget JSON file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Widgets/widget-YourWidgetName.json`): if exported directly from the XSOAR UI, it must be formatted with `demisto-sdk format`.

## Dashboards

If your pack contains at least a custom dashboard, you'll need:

- Dashboard JSON file (i.e. `Packs/YourPackName/Dashboard/dashboard-YourDashboardName.json`): if exported directly from the XSOAR UI, it must be formatted with `demisto-sdk format`.


# Checklist Table

The requirements above are also summarized in the following table:

|               Entity Type |                                                                          Non-certified and certified                                                                          | Certified only  |
|--------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|---------------------------------|
| Pack                      | <ul><li>Pack metadata</li><li>Pack readme</li><li>Release Notes</li></ul>                                                                                                                       | <ul><li>Test Playbook</li><li>Custom Incidents (if *fetch_incidents* is supported)</li></ul> |
| Integration               | <ul><li>Code file</li><li>Metadata file</li><li>Description file</li><li>Image file</li><li>README file</li><li>Command examples file</li><li>Unit tests file</li><li>Unit tests data</li></ul> |                                 |
| Playbook                  | <ul><li>Playbook file</li><li>README file</li><li>Image file</li></ul>                                                                                                                                          |                                 |
| Incident/Indicator Field  | <ul><li>Incident/Indicator field JSON file</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                             |                                 |
| Incident/Indicator Type   | <ul><li>Incident/Indicator type JSON file</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                              |                                 |
| Classifier and Mapper     | <ul><li>Classifier JSON file (for XSOAR 6.0 and above)</li><li>Mapper JSON file (for XSOAR 6.0 and above)</li><li>5.x Classifier JSON file (for XSOAR 5.x)</li></ul>                                                           |                                 |
| Incident/Indicator Layout | <ul><li>Layout JSON files (for XSOAR 6.0 and above)</li><li>5.x Layout JSON file(for XSOAR 5.x)</li>                                                                                                              </ul>|                                 |
| Script                    | <ul><li>Code file</li><li>Metadata file</li><li>README file</li><li>Unit tests file</li><li>Unit tests data</li></ul>                                                                                               | <ul><li>Test Playbook</li></ul>             |
| Widget                    | <ul><li>Widget JSON file</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                               |                                 |
| Dashboard                 | <ul><li>Dashboard JSON file</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                            |                                 |

# Pull Request Checklist

Before opening the Pull Request on the Cortex XSOAR [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/demisto/content), you need to:

- Have a [GitHub](https://github.com) account that you'll use to open the Pull Request
- If you're an XSOAR partner, have your `partner-id` (this should have been communicated to you over the onboarding emails from the Alliance team).
- Join our our [Slack DFIR Community](https://www.demisto.com/community/), also useful if you have questions (use the `#demisto-developers` channel).
- Design Document: we encourage you to prepare a Design Document that describes the capabilities of your Pack. Usually it's a Google Doc shared with you by the Alliance team.
- Create a short video to demo your product and your pack, and link it: this will be used by our reviewers to understand what your product does and how the content pack work.
- Pass the linters `demisto-sdk lint`: if you have an Integration or Script, your code must pass the [tests](tut-setup-dev#step-5-run-the-linter-and-unit-tests).
- Pass the validation `demisto-sdk validate`: make sure you run `demisto-sdk validate -i Packs/YourPackName` and all the checks are passed before opening the Pull Request. If unsure, ask for help on the `#demisto-developers` channel on our [Slack DFIR Community](https://www.demisto.com/community/).

After opening the Pull Request, make sure that you:

- Sign the [CLA](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/docs/cla.pdf): every contributor must sign our Contributor License Agreement in order for their contribution to be added to our content.
- Monitor your Pull Request on GitHub and be ready for a demo: our Content team will add comments to the Pull Request, asking questions and requesting changes. At some point, we'll ask you to schedule a meeting to see an interactive demo, make sure you have a working installation of Cortex XSOAR with your pack fully configured.

For Certified packs only:
- Provide us credentials for a test environment: if your Pack includes an integration, we'll need credentials (i.e. API keys) to access a SaaS test/demo environment of your Product from Cortex XSOAR in order to run our nightly build. Please work with your Palo Alto Networks alliance team contact to securely provide such credentials to us.
