## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 18.11.2 (15082)
##### Published on 28 November 2018
### Integrations

####  3 New Integrations
- __Server Message Block (SMB)__
Retrieve files from an SMB server. For more information, see the [SMB documentation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360012404213).
- __FortiGate__
Manage firewall settings and groups. For more information, see the [FortiGate documentation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360012690573).
- __Tenable Security Center__
Get a real-time, continuous assessment of your security posture so you can find and fix vulnerabilities faster. For more information, see the [Tenable.sc documentation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360012684613).

####  12 Improved Integrations
- __ServiceNow__
  - Added support to retrieve records from any table generically in addition to tickets.
  - Deprecated the  ___servicenow-get___ command. Use the  ___servicenow-get-ticket___ and ___servicenow-get-record___ commands instead.
  - Deprecated the  ___servicenow-create___ command. Use the ___servicenow-create-ticket___ and ___servicenow-create-record___ commands instead.
  - Deprecated the ___servicenow-update___ command. Use the ___servicenow-update-ticket___ and ___servicenow-update-record___ commands instead.
  - Deprecated the ___servicenow-query___ command. Use the ___servicenow-query-tickets___ and ___servicenow-query-table___ commands instead.
  - Added the ___servicenow-list-table-fields___ command.

- __Cylance Protect v2__
Improved fetch incidents implementation.
- __Lastline__
In the ___lastline-get-report___ command, we added the _isArray_ option to the _uuid_ argument.
- __Mimecast__
    - Added 3 authentication commands:
          - ___mimecast-login___
          - ___mimecast-discover___
          - ___mimecast-refresh-token___
    - Improved outputs for the ___mimecast-query command___ command.
    - Added a process for automatic token refresh.
- __PagerDuty v2__
Added fetch incidents functionality.
- __Phish.AI__
Added generic polling functionality for URLs.
- __IBM QRadar__
Added 5 commands:
    - ___qradar-create-reference-set___
    - ___qradar-delete-reference-set___
    - ___qradar-create-reference-set-value___
    - ___qradar-update-reference-set-value___
    - ___qradar-delete-reference-set-value___
- __Recorded Future__
Improved the error message when an IOC does not exist in Recorded Future.
- __Venafi__
    - Added the ___venafi-get-certificate-details___ command.
    - Improved outputs for the ___venafi-get-certificates___ command.
- __RSA NetWitness Endpoint__
Fixed a bug when querying machines by hostname.
- __FireEye HX__
Fixed a ___fireeye-hx-host-containment___ command name error.
- __RSA NetWitness v11.1__
Fixed an error for bad responses when retrieving a token.

---
### Scripts

####  6 New Scripts
- __JSONFileToCSV__
Converts a JSON file War Room output to a CSV file.
- __JSONtoCSV__
Converts a JSON War Room output via EntryID to a CSV file.
- __SetByIncidentId__
Sets a value to the context with the specified context key of a given incident.
- __URLDecode__
Decodes a URL from a URL query to human-readable URL.
- __WordTokenize__
Tokenize the words of an input text.
- __ParseJSON__
Parse a given JSON string "value" to a representative object. 

####  4 Improved Scripts
- __GetTime__
    - Added time functions: UTC, year, month, day in week, hours, and UTC hours.
    - Fixed GMT time to use UTC, and to not be case-sensitive.
- __LoadJSON__
Parses complicated JSON structures.
- __CreateEmailHtmlBody__
    - Added the ability to have custom fields in the template in both ___.incident.CustomFields.___ and ___incident.____ formats.
    - Added the option to replace non-found placeholder values with empty string.
- __ActiveUsersD2__
Discarded uniqBy use.
---
### Playbooks

####  New Playbooks
- __Detonate File - Cuckoo__
Detonates files using the Cuckoo integration.
- __Detonate URL - Cuckoo__
Detonates URLs using the Cuckoo integration.
- __Detonate URL - Phish.AI__
Detonates a URL using the Phish.AI integration.
- __Launch Scan - Tenable.sc__
Launches an existing Tenable.sc scan by scan ID, and waits for the scan to finish by polling the scan status according to predefined intervals.

####  2 Improved Playbooks
- __Detonate File - Generic__
Added support for Cuckoo Sandbox.
- __Detonate URL - Generic__
Added support for Cuckoo Sandbox.