## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 18.10.3 (14022)
##### Published on 30 October 2018
### Integrations

####  3 New Integrations
- __AWS - CloudWatchLogs__
Amazon Web Services CloudWatch Logs (logs). For more information, see the [Amazon Web Services CloudWatch documentation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360010259234).
- __BitDam__
BitDam secure email gateway protects against advanced content-borne threats with the most accurate prevention of known and unknown threats, at their source. For more information, see the [BitDam documentation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011347694).
- __Red Canary__
Red Canary collects endpoint data using Carbon Black Response and CrowdStrike Falcon.
####  15 Improved Integrations
- __AWS - S3__
Added the ___aws-s3-upload-file___ command. For more information, see the [AWS S3 documentation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001941113).
- __Carbon Black Enterprise Live Response__
Improved the integration test.
- __IntSights__
Improved integration implementation and execution. For more information, see the [IntSights documentation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360010956714).
- __Devo__
Added a default results limit of 30.
- __EWS v2__
Added support for Public Folders and compliance search in Office 365.
- __FireEye HX__
Added enforcement of passing either the _defaultSystemScript_ argument or both the _script_ and _scriptName_ arguments when running the ___fireeye-hx-data-acquisition___ command.
- __Lastline__
For more information, see the [Lastline documentation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011424433).
    - Improved outputs, error messages, and code readability.
    - Added support to insert multiple inputs for the ___lastline-get___ command.
- __PagerDuty v2__
Added support to send _ServiceKey_ with the ___PagerDuty-submit-event___ command.
- __Dell Secureworks__
Added support for getting ticket attachments.
- __ServiceNow__
    - Added support for the catalog task ticket type.
    - Improved error messages.
- __SumoLogic__
Added support to use the equal sign in the _query_ and _headers_ arguments for the ___search___ command.
- __ThreatConnect__
Fixed a filter issue when the _ratingThreshold_ argument is specified.
- __FireEye iSIGHT__
Added DBot score output for indicators that do not contain data.
- __McAfee ePO__
Added 2 commands: 
    - ___epo-get-tables___ 
    - ___epo-query-table___
- __Cisco Umbrella Investigate__
Added 13 commands:
    - ___domain___
    - ___umbrella-get-related-domains___
    - ___umbrella-get-domain-classifiers___
    - ___umbrella-get-domain-queryvolume___
    - ___umbrella-get-domain-details___
    - ___umbrella-get-domains-for-email-registrar___
    - ___umbrella-get-domains-for-nameserver___
    - ___umbrella-get-whois-for-domain___
    - ___umbrella-get-malicious-domains-for-ip___
    - ___umbrella-get-domains-using-regex___
    - ___umbrella-get-domain-timeline___
    - ___umbrella-get-ip-timeline___
    - ___umbrella-get-url-timeline___

---
### Scripts

####  2 New Scripts
- __IsListExist__
Checks if a list exists in Demisto lists.
- __RegexGroups__
Extracts elements that are contained in all the subgroups that match the pattern.

####  5 Improved Scripts
- __EPOFindSystem__
Improved error handling.
- __FireEyeDetonateFile__
Added arguments to enable setting analysis type and pre-fetch when running the script.
- __PagerDutyAlertOnIncident__
PagerDuty API v2 is now supported.
- __UnzipFile__
Enabled decompression of AES encrypted files.
- __TextFromHTML__
Added support for multiple languages.

#### Deprecated Script
- __CloseInvestigation__
Use the ___closeInvestigation___ command.
---
### Playbooks

####  13 New Playbooks
- __Add Indicator to Miner - Palo Alto MineMeld__
Add indicators to the relevant Miner using MineMeld.
- __Detonate File - BitDam__
Detonates one or more files using BitDam integration.
- __Block Account - Generic__
This playbook blocks malicious usernames using all integrations that you have enabled.
- __Block File - Carbon Black Response__
This playbook receives an MD5 hash and adds it to the block list in Carbon Black Enterprise Response..
- __Block File - Generic__
A generic playbook for blocking files from running on endpoints.
- __Block IP - Generic__
This playbook blocks malicious IPs using all integrations that you have enabled.
- __Block Indicators - Generic__
This playbook blocks malicious Indicators using all integrations that you have enabled.
- __Block URL - Generic__
This playbook blocks malicious URLs using all integrations that you have enabled.
- __Demisto Self-Defense - Account policy monitoring playbook__
Get list of Demisto users through the REST API, and alert if any non-SAML user accounts are found.
- __Detonate File - Lastline__
Detonates a File using the Lastline sandbox.
- __Detonate URL - Lastline__
Detonates a URL using the Lastline sandbox integration.
- __Office 365 Search and Delete__
Run a ComplianceSearch on Office 365 and delete the results.
- __Phishing Investigation - Generic__
Use this playbook to investigate and remediate a potential phishing incident. The playbook simultaneously engages with the user that triggered the incident, while investigating the incident itself.

####  3 Improved Playbooks
- __Detonate File - Generic__
Added the Lastline Detonate File playbook.
- __Detonate URL - Generic__
Added the Lastline Detonate URL playbook.
- __Phishing Investigation - Generic__
Added support for blocking malicious indicators in relevant integrations.
