## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 18.9.2 (12802)
##### Published on 20 September 2018
### Integrations

####  9 Improved Integrations
- __CrowdStrike Falcon Intel__
Improved integration tolerance in the ___cs-reports___ command.
- __Demisto REST API__
Added the ___demisto-delete-incidents___ command.
- __Imperva Incapsula__
    - Improved outputs for the ___in-cap-upload-public-key___ command. 
    - Reorganized the urlDict and commands to match and correspond to the Incapsula API Documentation layout. 
    - Added Account Management API Calls. 
    - Added Site Management - Rules API Calls. 
    - Added Site Management - Data Centers API Calls. 
    - Added Infrastructure Protection Test Alert API Calls.
- __IBM QRadar__
Fixed a bug in which pagination missed some incidents.
- __ServiceNow__
Rewrote the integration in Python.
- __VirusTotal__
Lowercase the protocol of a given url.
- __Zscaler__
  Added the following commands: 
    - ___zscaler-get-blacklist___ 
    - ___zscaler-get-whitelist___
- __Rasterize__
Do not send the Rasterize base64 image as output, because large images can affect system performance. The correct way is to mark the Rasterize entry as note or with a tag.
- __Cisco Webex Team__
Renamed integration name from Cisco Spark cause of product renaming.

---
### Scripts

####  4 Deprecated Scripts
- __DemistoDeleteIncident__
Use the ___demisto-delete-incidents___ command in the Demisto RESTAPI integration instead.
- __WhileLoop__
Use native loops instead.
- __WhileNotExistLoop__
Use native loops instead.
- __WhileNotMdLoop__
Use native loops instead.

---
### Dashboards

####  Improved Dashboards
- __System Health__
Updated memory graphs and CPU usage graphs.

---
### Incident Fields
Removed the HTML Image field, because large images can affect system performance.

---
### Incident Layouts

####  Improved Incident Layout
- __Phishing - Summary__
Replaced the HTML Image field with the HTML Image section, because large images can affect system performance.