## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.1.2 (17432)
##### Published on 22 January 2019
### Integrations

####  4 New Integrations
- __Alexa Rank Indicator__
Alexa provides website ranking information that can be useful in determining if the domain in question has a strong web presence.
- __MaxMind GeoIP2__
Enriches IP addresses.
- __ThreatMiner__
Discover additional information on IOCs.
- __Google Resource Manager__
Google Cloud Platform Resource Manager

####  20 Improved Integrations
- __AWS - CloudTrail__
Fixed a bug in ___aws-cloudtrail-lookup-events___ command.
- __AWS - CloudWatchLogs__
Improved argument implementation for the ___region___ command.
- __AWS - S3__
Fixed a bug in the ___aws-s3-upload-file___ command.
- __Carbon Black Enterprise Live Response__
Improved outputs for the ___cb-directory-listing___ command.
- __Cybereason__
    - Enhanced outputs for the ___cybereason-query-malops___ command.
    - Improved implementation of the command ___cybereason-isolate-machine___ to match all Cybereason versions.
- __Cylance Protect__
Enhanced outputs for the ___cp-download-threat___ and ___cylance-protect-download-threat___ commands.
- __EWS v2__
Improved EWS instance configuration.
- __Gmail__
Improved text conversion for HTML only emails.
- __Hybrid Analysis__
Added the ___hybrid-analysis-get-report-status___ command.
- __Microsoft Graph__
Implemented OAUTH2 authentication, please see integration documentation for further details.
- __Palo Alto Firewall and Panorama__
    - Improved error handling for port configuration. 
    - improved implementation of the ___panorama-custom-block___ command.
    - Fixed generic rulename given to Security Rules when not supplying a rule name, for several commands.
- __RSA NetWitness v11.1__
Fixed a bug in the ___netwitness-update-incident___ command.
- __Shodan__
Added the _page_ argument to the ___search___ command.
- __SplunkPy__
    - Added the ___unsecure___ parameter.
    - Fixed a bug in the command ___splunk-notable-event-edit___.
- __ThreatConnect__
For the ___tc-update-indicator___ command, we added support for the following arguments:
  -  ___falsePositive___
  - ___observations___
  - ___securityLabel___
  - ___threatAssessConfidence___
  - ___threatAssessRating___
- __Cisco Threat Grid__
Added data to raw response for the feeds commands.
- __Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection__
Added the ___microsoft-atp-update-alert___ command.
- __Rasterize__
Added the _size_ argument to the ___rasterize-image___ command.
- __FireEye HX__
Added the ___fireeye-hx-create-indicator___ command.
- __JASK__
 - Improved implementation of fetched incidents
 - Added a parameter which enables you to define the result limit.

---
### Scripts

####  5 New Scripts
- __ConvertKeysToTableFieldFormat__
Converts object keys to match table keys.
Use this script when mapping object/collection to a grid (table) field.
- __ExtractIndicatorsFromTextFile__
Extracts indicators from a text-based file.
- __ExtractIndicatorsFromWordFile__
Extracts indicators from Word files (DOC, DOCX).
- __ReadPDFFile__
Loads a PDF file's contents and metadata into context.
- __StringContainsArray__
Checks whether a substring or an array of substrings is within a string array (each item will be checked).

####  5 Improved Scripts
- __ExtractIndicatorsFromTextFile__
Updated the script to use the enhanced ___extractIndicators___ command.
- __IsMaliciousIndicatorFound__
Added support for Email and Domain indicators.
- __ParseCSV__
Improved handling of null byte character.
- __Ping__
Updated the script to use native ping utility.
- __ReadPDFFile__
Updated the script to use the enhanced ___extractIndicators___ command.

---
### Playbooks

####  New Playbook
- __Detonate File - HybridAnalysis__
Detonates one or more files using the Hybrid Analysis integration.

####  5 Improved Playbooks
- __Calculate Severity - Critical assets__
Replaced use of the ___StringContains___ script with a new filter.
- __Detonate File - Generic__
Added the Hybrid Analysis detonate file playbook.
- __Extract Indicators From File - Generic__
The playbook now utilizes the new feature of extracting indicators from Word documents.
- __Get File Sample By Hash - Cylance Protect__
Added support fo Cylance Protect v2 and Cylance Protect v1 integrations.
- __Get File Sample From Hash - Generic__
Added MD5 and SHA-256 inputs to the playbook.