## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.11.0 (33434)
##### Published on 12 November 2019
### Integrations

####  6 New Integrations
- __Vectra v2__
Automated attacker behavior analytics.
- __Google Key Management Service__
Use the Google Key Management Service API for CryptoKey management and encrypt/decrypt functionality.
- __ExtraHop Reveal(x)__
Network detection and response. Complete visibility of network communications at enterprise scale, real-time threat detections backed by machine learning, and guided investigation workflows that simplify response.
- __SecurityAdvisor__
Contextual coaching and awareness for end users.
- __AlienVault OTX v2__
Query Indicators of Compromise in AlienVault OTX.
- __DomainTools Iris__
A threat, intelligence, and investigation platform for domain names, IP addresses Email addresses, Name Severs, and so on.

####  22 Improved Integrations
- __ArcSight Logger__
  - Fixed an issue where date fields in search results were in epoch format instead of human readable format.
  - Added a function to handle chart operations in the logger search.
- __SplunkPy__
Increased the maximum fetch limit for Splunk.
- __Qualys__
Improved implementation of the ***qualys-vm-scan-launch*** command.
- __Uptycs__
Fixed an issue where users could not set an asset tag with a key that already exists by adding a new column, ancestor_list, to the process_events table in osquery.  This simplifies computing of the parent-child lineage of processes.
- __Netskope__
Added the ability to fetch alerts as incidents.
- __Kenna__
Improved inputs and outputs of the ***kenna-search-fixes*** command.
- __Red Canary__
Fixed an issue where non-Active Directory user names caused an "index out of range" exception.
- __Rasterize__
Added support for the *px* suffix in the _width_ and _height_ parameters.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__
  - Fixed an issue where the ***panorama-custom-block-rule*** command failed when trying to block an EDL or an address group object.
  - Changed the *url* argument from **equals** to **contains** in the ***panorama-log-query*** command.
  - Improved descriptions in the ***panorama-move-rule*** command.
- __EWS v2__
  - Improved implementation of the ***ews-move-item-between-mailboxes*** command.
  - The email body now prints to context and the War Room for the following commands:
    - ***ews-get-items***
    - ***ews-search-mailbox***
- __Mail Sender (New)__
  - Added support for versions of *smtplib* that use stderr from sys.
  - Fixed support for CRAM-MD5 authentication.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Management__
  - Fixed an issue where the ***pan-os-edl-update*** command failed when the file path included space characters at *scp_execute()*.
  - Fixed an issue where the *ssh_execute()* function failed when the file name included space characters.
- __Palo Alto Networks Cortex__
Fixed an issue with the Test module.
- __RSA Archer__
  - Fixed an issue in the Archer fetch incidents offset.
  - Fixed an issue in the fetched incidents details.
  - Improved errors and added debug logs.
- __BeyondTrust Password Safe__
Fixed an issue where stored credentials were using a non-unique identifier.
- __ProtectWise__
  - Fixed an issue where events were not fetched properly.
  - Added the ability to limit the number of fetched incidents per fetch.
  - Fixed outputs for the ***protectwise-event-info*** command.
- __urlscan.io__
Fixed a typo in an error message.
- __Elasticsearch v2__
Added support for timestamps.
- __RSA NetWitness v11.1__
  - Added the *Fetch Limit* parameter.
  - Fixed an issue where an unsupported timestamp format caused the integration to fail.
- __Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus V2__
Added descriptions to the ***autofocus-tag-details*** command.
- __Carbon Black Enterprise Response__
Added the *decompress* argument to the ***cb-binary-get*** command.
- __Kafka V2__
Updated the Docker image ***demisto/pykafka*** to version 1.0.0.3321 (requires Demisto 5.0).

---
### Scripts

####  14 New Scripts
- __IPv4Blacklist__
Transformer that returns a filtered list of IPv4 addresses, based on whether they do not match a comma-separated list of IPv4 ranges.  Useful for filtering out internal IP address space.
- __IsNotInCidrRanges__
Checks whether an IPv4 address is not contained in one or more comma-delimited CIDR ranges.
- __IPv4Whitelist__
Transformer that returns a filtered list of IPv4 addresses, based on whether they match a comma-separated list of IPv4 ranges.  Useful for filtering in internal IP address space.
- __GetByIncidentId__
Gets a value from the specified incident's context.
- __IsInCidrRanges__
Determines whether an IPv4 address is contained in one or more comma-delimited CIDR ranges.
- __CalculateGeoDistance__
Computes the distance between two sets of coordinates, in miles.
- __IsRFC1918Address__
A filter that determines whether an IPv4 address is in the private RFC-1918 address space (10.0.0.0/8, 172.16.0.0/12, 192.168.0.0/16).  For more information, see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_network.
- __ExtraHopTrackIncidents__
Links an incident investigation back to the ExtraHop Detection that created it.
- __ProvidesCommand__
Determines which integrations implement a specific Demisto command.  The results will be returned as comma-separated values (CSV).  The "Demisto REST API" integration must first be enabled.
- __CalculateTimeDifference__
Calculate the time difference, in minutes.
- __DBotPreProcessTextData__
Pre-process text data for the machine learning text classifier.
- __DBotBuildPhishingClassifier__
Create a phishing classifier using machine learning technique, based on email content.
- __DBotTrainTextClassifierV2__
Train a machine learning text classifier.
- __GetIncidentsByQuery__
Gets a list of incident objects and the associated incident outputs that match the specified query and filters. The results are returned in a structured data file.

####  9 Improved Scripts
- __UnEscapeURLs__
Improved handling of Proofpoint v3 URLs.
- __SearchIncidents__
  - Fixed the examples in command descriptions.
- __RegexGroups__
Updated the RegexGroups transformer to Python 3 in order to support special ASCII characters and additional error handling (requires Demisto 5.0).
- __SaneDocReports__
  - Fixed table and list functions.
  - Fixed an issue where trends have long floating point values.
  - Fixed an issue where line charts with more than 40 columns were not readable.
- __CopyContextToField__
Added the ability to set the value of an incident field from the value of a context key. If the context key is a list, the first element of the list is taken as the value.
- __DeleteContext__
Added the **auto** option to the *subplaybook* argument. Use **auto** to delete either from the sub-playbook context (if the playbook is called as a sub-playbook) or from the global context (if the playbook is the master playbook).
- __CommonServerPython__
Fixed the IntegrationLogger auto-replace of sensitive strings.
- __HTMLDocsAutomation__
  - Fixed an issue where commands in the top part were in the format **name:name** instead of **description:name**.
  - Added links for the list of commands to each command.
- __XDRSyncScript__
Fixed an issue where the **XDRSyncScript** script executed the ***xdr-update-incident*** command even when required arguments were empty.

---
### Playbooks

####  11 New Playbooks
- __ExtraHop - Ticket Tracking__
Links the Demisto incident back to the ExtraHop detection that created it for ticket tracking purposes. Documentation was provided by ExtraHop.
- __ExtraHop - Get Peers by Host__
Given a host, the playbook will retrieve the peer network devices that communicated with that host in a given time range.  In addition to a list of peers and protocols (sorted by bytes) the playbook returns a link to the ExtraHop Live Activity Map to visualize the peer relationships.
- __Block Indicators - Generic v2__
This playbook blocks malicious Indicators using all integrations that are enabled, using several sub-playbooks.
- __Impossible Traveler__
This playbook investigates an event whereby a user has multiple application login attempts from various locations in a short time period (impossible traveler).
- __Indicator Pivoting - DomainTools Iris__
Pivots are used to gather data that share a common attribute with a domain. For instance, pivoting on an IP Address will give you back all domains related to that IP address.
- __ExtraHop - Default__
This is the default playbook to run for all ExtraHop Detection incidents, which handles ticket tracking and triggers specific playbooks based on the name of the ExtraHop Detection. Documentation was provided by ExtraHop.
- __Isolate Endpoint - Generic__
This playbook isolates a given endpoint.
- __Block File - Cybereason__
This playbook accepts an MD5 hash and blocks the file using the Cybereason integration.
- __Block File - Generic v2__
This playbook is used to block files from running on endpoints.
- __Block File - Cylance Protect v2__
This playbook accepts a SHA256 hash and adds the hash to the Global Quarantine list using the Cylance Protect v2 integration.
- __DBot Create Phishing Classifier V2__
Create a phishing classifier using machine learning technique, based on email content.
- __DBot Create Phishing Classifier V2 Job__
Train the phishing machine learning model. This playbook should be used as job, to run repeatedly, for example every week.

####  3 Improved Playbooks
- __Block IP - Generic v2__
Fixed output descriptions.
- __Endpoint Enrichment - Generic v2.1__
Added support for the ExtraHop Reveal(x) integration.
- __Phishing Investigation - Generic v2__
  - Fixed an issue where the task that saves the email address of the reporter of the phishing email was disconnected from the previous task.
  - Fixed an issue where the DT that was used to get the display name of the user who reported the email was invalid.

---
### Widgets

####  New Widget
- __Page Break Widget__
Use the page break widget in a report to force a page break before the widgets that follow.

---
### Incident Fields

#### 19 New Incident Fields
- __Sign In Date Time__
The date and time when the second sign in of the user occurred, in ISO-8601 format.
- __Coordinates__
The coordinates of the location from which the user logged in.
- __Source IP__
The IP address from which the user initially logged in.
- __Raw Participants__
Raw list of participant objects associated with the ExtraHop Reveal(x) detection.
- __ExtraHop Hostname__
Hostname of the ExtraHop Reveal(x) that created the detection.
- __Risk Score__
Risk score associated with the ExtraHop Reveal(x) detection.
- __Previous Sign In Date Time__
The date and time when the first sign in of the user occurred, in ISO-8601 format.
- __Username__
The username of the account who logged in.
- __Detection ID__
ID of the ExtraHop Reveal(x) detection.
- __Destination IP__
The IP address to which the impossible traveler logged in.
- __Travel Map Link__
The link to a map that shows the travel path of the user.
- __Detection Update Time__
Timestamp of when the ExtraHop Reveal(x) detection was last updated.
- __Detection Ticketed__
Whether the incident is tracked to the corresponding detection in ExtraHop Reveal(x).
- __Previous Coordinates__
The coordinates of the location from which the user previously logged in.
- __Participants__
List of participant objects associated with the ExtraHop Reveal(x) detection.
- __Detection End Time__
Timestamp of when the ExtraHop Reveal(x) detection ended.
- __Previous Source IP__
The previous IP address from which the user logged in.
- __Detection URL__
URL of the ExtraHop Reveal(x) detection.
- __ExtraHop Appliance ID__
Appliance ID of the ExtraHop Reveal(x) that created the detection.

---
### Incident Layouts

####  6 New Incident Layouts
- __ExtraHop Detection - Mobile__
Added a layout for the **ExtraHop Detection** incident type.
- __ExtraHop Detection - Close__
Added a layout for the **ExtraHop Detection** incident type.
- __ExtraHop Detection - New/Edit__
Added a layout for the **ExtraHop Detection** incident type.
- __ExtraHop Detection - Summary__
Added a layout for the **ExtraHop Detection** incident type.
- __Impossible Traveler - Summary__
Added a layout for the Impossible Traveler incident type.
- __ExtraHop Detection - Quick View__
Added a layout for the **ExtraHop Detection** incident type.