##  Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.1.0 (16707) 
##### Published on 08 January 2019
### Integrations

####  2 New Integrations
- __CIRCL__
CIRCL Passive DNS is a database storing historical DNS records from various resources.
CIRCL Passive SSL is a database storing historical X.509 certificates seen per IP address. The Passive SSL historical data is indexed per IP address. For more information, see the [CIRCL documentation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360015114294).
- __MISP V2__
Malware information sharing platform and threat sharing.
This integration replaces the __MISP (Deprecated)__ integration.

####  9 Improved Integrations
- __AbuseIPDB__
  - Fixed context issues.
  - Added the ___AbuseIPDB-PopulateIndicators___ script.
- __Cybereason__
  - Improved implementation of malop fetching as incidents.
  - Added 5 new commands:
    - ___cybereason-prevent-file___
    - ___cybereason-unprevent-file___
    - ___cybereason-query-file___
    - ___cybereason-query-domain___
    - ___cybereason-query-user___

  For more information, see the [Cybereason documentation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360007903594).
- __Google Vault__
  - Added 4 new commands:
    - ___gvault-get-drive-results___
    - ___gvault-get-mail-results___
    - ___gvault-get-groups-results___
    - ___gvault-download-results___
  - Added 4 new Google Vault playbooks:
    - ___Google Vault - Search Mail___
    - ___Google Vault - Search Drive___
    - ___Google Vault - Search Groups___
    - ___Google Vault - Display results___
    - In context,  Export objects were moved into matching Matter objects (this change is not backward compatible).

  For more information, see the [Google Vault documentation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360010994213).
- __IntSights__
  - The ___get_alerts___ command now retrieves all alert details.
  - Added the ___time-delta___ argument, which retrieves alerts based on a given time delta (in days).

  For more information, see the [IntSights documentation](https://demisto.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360010956714).
- __ServiceNow__
Improved handling of empty responses and missing fields.
- __Cisco Threat Grid__
You can now submit a file that has unicode characters in the name.
- __TruSTAR__
Added 4 new commands:
  - ___file___
  - ___url___
  - ___ip___
  - ___domain___

  For more information, see the [TruSTAR documentation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360005445133).
- __Have I Been Pwned?__
Added DBot score.
- ThreatConnect
  - Added context and markdown to existing commands.
  - Added new commands.
---
### Scripts

####  7 New Scripts
- __AbuseIPDBPopulateIndicators__
Extracts block listed IP addresses from AbuseIPDB, and populates indicators accordingly.
- __ChangeRemediationSLAOnSevChange__
Changes the remediation SLA when a change in incident severity occurs.
- __CopyContextToField__
Copy a context key to an incident field to multiple number of incidents, based on a query.
- __CybereasonPreProcessingExample__
Run this preprocessing script when fetching Cybereason malops. The script checks if a malop was already fetched, and will then update the existing incident, otherwise it will create a new incident.
- __DT__
This automation allows the usage of DT scripts within playbook transformers.
- __LinkIncidentsWithRetry__
Running multiple link incidents simultaneously can cause DB version errors. Use the ___LinkIncidentsWithRetry___ script to avoid this error.
- __StopTimeToAssignOnOwnerChange__
Stops the _Time To Assign_ timer when the incident owner changes.

####  6 Improved Scripts
- __cveReputation__
Added a fixed number of retries to execute the ___cve-search___ command when a 404 error is returned.
- __ProofpointDecodeURL__
Added a helpful error description when a URL is not found in the query.
- __SSDeepReputation__
You can now use this script as an indicator reputation script.
- __SplunkPySearch__
  - Fixed 'Missing headers param' bug.
  - Added error validation for the command result.

#### Deprecated Scripts
- __misp_download_sample__
Script is deprecated, use the ___misp-download-sample___ command in the MISP V2 integration instead.
- __misp_upload_sample__
Script is deprecated, use the ___misp-upload-sample___ command in the in MISP V2 integration instead.

---
### Playbooks

####  4 New Playbooks
- __Google Vault - Display Results__
Queues and displays Google Vault search results.
- __Google Vault - Search Drive__
Performs Google Vault searches in Drive accounts, and displays the results.
- __Google Vault - Search Groups__
Performs Google Vault searches in Groups, and displays the results.
- __Google Vault - Search Mail__
Performs Google Vault searches in Mail accounts, and displays the results.


---

### Widgets
####  1 Improved Widget
- __MTTR by Type__
MTTR is now in the timeline widget.

---

## Demisto v4.1.0
This content is available on Demisto v4.1.0 and later
---
### Playbooks

####  Improved Playbook
- __Phishing Investigation - Generic__
Added detection and remediation timers based on SLA fields. 
---

### Dashboards
####  1 New Dashboard
- __SLA__
Displays an overview of your SLAs.
---
### Widgets
####  4 New Widgets
- __Detection SLA by Status__
The detection SLA status of all incidents that their severity was determined. The widget takes into account incidents from the last 30 days by default, and inherits new time range when the dashboard time changes.
- __Mean Time to Detection__
The mean time (average time) to detection across all incidents whose severity was determined. By default, the widget takes into account incidents from the last 30 days.
- __MTTD by Type__
A widget that displays the Mean Time to Detection, by incident type.
- __Remediation SLA by Status__
The remediation SLA status of all incidents that initiated a remediation process. By default, the widget takes into account incidents from the last 30 days, and inherits a new time range when the dashboard time changes.
---
### Incident Fields
- Added Detection SLA field.
- Added Remediation SLA field.
- Added Time to Assignment field.
---
### Incident Layouts

####  1 New Incident Layout
- __Phishing - Quick View__
Added SLAs for Quick View layouts.

####  1 Improved Incident Layout
- __Phishing - Summary__
New SLA content.

