##  Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.10.3 (32464)
##### Published on 31 October 2019

## Major Fix
URLScan.io removed the Google Safe Browsing API from the API responses that they return. We updated our integration with URLScan.io to reflect their product changes.

### Integrations

####  4 New Integrations
- __PolySwarm__
Real-time threat intelligence from a crowd-sourced network of security experts and anti-virus companies.
- __SlashNext Phishing Incident Response__
SlashNext Phishing Incident Response integration allows Demisto users to fully automate analysis of suspicious URLs.
- __Google Docs__
Use the Google Docs integration to create and modify Google Docs documents.
- __ARIA Packet Intelligence__
The ARIA Cybersecurity Solutions Software-Defined Security (SDS)  platform integrates with Demisto to add robustness when responding to incidents.

####  19 Improved Integrations
- __urlscan.io__
  - Fixed a breaking change in the API.
  - Added support for batches.
- __AWS - IAM__
  - Added the following commands.
    - ***aws-iam-get-account-password-policy***
    - ***aws-iam-update-account-password-policy***
  - Added support for access keys, proxy environments, and trusting insecure connections.
- __Palo Alto Networks WildFire v2__
Fixed an issue in which testing the integration instance failed.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__
Added the ***panorama-security-policy-match*** command.
- __Palo Alto Networks MineMeld__
Fixed lowercase hash types in the outputs.
- __Rasterize__
  - Added the ___rasterize-pdf___ command, which converts a PDF file to an image file.
  - The ___rasterize-email___ command is now available in offline mode. 
  - Added the _wait_time_ - parameter to the ___rasterize___ command and to the instance configuration, which sets the time to wait before taking a screen shot.
- __Palo Alto Networks Cortex__
  - Added 4 new commands.
    - ***cortex-query-traffic-logs***
    - ***cortex-query-threat-logs***
    - ***cortex-query-traps-logs***
    - ***cortex-query-analytics-logs***
- __SentinelOne v2__
  - Fixed an issue in the ***Fetch incidents*** function.
  - Fixed an issue in the ***sentinelone-get-threats*** command.
- __EWS v2__
  - Improved implementation of the ***ews-search-mailbox*** command.
  - Added the ***ews-get-items-as-eml*** command.
- __RSA Archer__
Fixed the default field on which the search is performed.
- __SMIME Messaging__
Added the ***smime-sign-and-encrypt*** command.
- __Gmail__
  - Added the *page-token* parameter to the ***gmail-list-users*** command, which returns further results.
  - The ***gmail-search-all-mailboxes*** command now runs on all users.
- __SplunkPy__
  - Improved handling of the *app context* parameter.
  - Fixed handling of arrays when converting notable events to incidents.
- __IBM QRadar__
  - Fixed an issue in which the ***fetch-incidents*** function failed while enriching fetched offenses with source and destination IP addresses.
  - Fixed an issue in which the ***qradar-delete-reference-set-value*** command failed to delete reference sets with the "\\" character in their names.
- __Proofpoint TAP v2__
Fixed the **fetch-incidents** function when the *last_fetch* time range is greater than 1 hour.
- __Tenable.io__
Fixed the *raw-response* argument for all commands.
- __Mail Sender (New)__
  - The integration ignores the FQDN configuration parameter if it is empty or contains only white spaces.
  - Added the *raw_message* argument to the ***send-mail*** command.
- __Cloaken__
Added the ***cloaken-screenshot-url*** command.
- __GitHub__
  - Improved implementation of the default value for the *fetch_time* parameter.
  - Added 4 commands.
    - ***GitHub-list-pr-review-comments***
    - ***GitHub-update-pull-request***
    - ***GitHub-is-pr-merged***
    - ***GitHub-create-pull-request***

---
### Scripts

####  5 New Scripts
- __LastArrayElement__
Returns the last element of an array. If the value passed is not an array, it returns the original value that was passed.
- __EmailDomainWhitelist__
Accepts an array of domains as an allow list, and a list of email addresses. The script then filters out any email address whose domain is not in the allow list. The filtered list will be returned as an array.
- __FirstArrayElement__
Returns the first element of an array.  If the value passed is not an array, it returns the original value that was passed.
- __EmailDomainBlacklist__
Accepts an array of domains as a block list, and a list of email addresses. The script then filters out any email address whose domain is in the block list.  The filtered list will be returned as an array.
- __ConvertFile__
Converts a file from one format to a different format by using the convert-to function of Libre Office.

####  5 Improved Scripts
- __XDRSyncScript__
The **XDRSyncScript** now works.
- __CheckEmailAuthenticity__
Updated the descriptions for arguments.
- __UnEscapeURLs__
Added handling of Proofpoint v3 URLs.
- __GetDockerImageLatestTag__
Fixed an issue where the script did not return the latest tag.
- __IsMaliciousIndicatorFound__
  - Added the *includeManual* argument, which applies the manually assigned indicator severity to the indicator. This overrides the DBot score.
  - When a user manually assigns a reputation to an indicator, the reputation is applied to all instances of the indicator regardless of the type.

---
### Playbooks

####  7 New Playbooks
- __Phishing - Core__
 Provides a basic response to phishing incidents. The playbook includes the following features:
  - Calculates reputation for all indicators.
  - Extracts indicators from email attachments.
  - Calculates severity for the incident based on indicator reputation.
  - Updates reporting user about investigation status.
  - Allows manual remediation of the incident.
- __Get File Sample By Hash - Generic v2__
  - This playbook returns a file sample correlating to a hash in the war-room using the following sub-playbooks:.
  - Get File Sample By Hash - Carbon Black Enterprise Response.
  - Get File Sample By Hash - Cylance Protect v2.
- __Retrieve File from Endpoint - Generic__
 This playbook retrieves a file sample from an endpoint using the following playbooks:.
  - Get File Sample From Path - Generic.
  - Get File Sample By Hash - Generic v2.
- __Get File Sample By Hash - Cylance Protect v2__
This playbook returns a file sample to the War Room given the file's SHA256 hash, using Cylance Protect v2 integration.
- __PAN-OS - Create Or Edit Rule__
Creates or edits a Panorama rule and moves it to the desired position.
- __Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS Inactive Users For More Than 30 Days__
Remediates Prisma Cloud Alert Inactive users for more than 30 days, this playbook deactivates the user by disabling the access keys (marking them as inactive) as well as resetting the user console password. To increase the security of your AWS account, it is recommended to find and remove IAM user credentials (passwords, access keys) that have not been used within a specified period of time.
- __Process Email - Core__
Add email details to the relevant context entities and handle the case where original emails are attached.

####  6 Improved Playbooks
- __PanoramaCommitConfiguration__
Improved descriptions and added emphasis on playbook deprecation.
- __Phishing Investigation - Generic v2__
Added a task to save the reporter email address in an incident field, so it can be displayed on the summary page.
- __Process Email - Generic__
  - Fixed an issue where playbook did not populate the raw HTML field that is displayed in the phishing layout.
  - The ___rasterize-email___ command is now available in offline mode.
- __PAN-OS EDL Setup__
  - Added support for attaching the EDL to an existing rule.
  - Added support for moving new rules to a required position in the rulebase.
- __PAN-OS DAG Configuration__
  - Added support for attaching the DAG to an existing rule.
  - Added support for moving new rules to a required position in the rulebase.
- __URL Enrichment - Generic v2__
Added a tag for URL screenshots, which can be used to distinguish between incident files and screenshots during the investigation stage.

---
### Widgets

####  Improved Widget
- __Incident Severity by Type__
Incident types are now sorted by severity.

---
### Incident Fields
- __Reporter Email Address__
The email address of the user who reported the email.
- __URL SSL Verification__
Indicates whether the URLs passed the SSL certificate verification.
- __Email Headers__
A list of all of the email headers.

---
### Incident Layouts

####  Improved Incident Layout
- __Phishing - Summary__
Improved several widgets for the summary layout, including widget size and location.
