## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.10.0 (30654)
##### Published on 02 October 2019
### Integrations

####  3 New Integrations
- __BitDam__
Use the BitDam integration to submit files for analysis.
- __Palo Alto Networks Traps__
Use the Palo Alto Networks Traps integration to initiate scans, retrieve files from events, isolate endpoints, quarantine files, and manage the blacklist.
- __Exabeam__
Use the Exabeam Security Management Platform integration to get data and labels for users and to get data for watchlists.

####  15 Improved Integrations
- __ArcSight ESM v2__
Limited the incident fetch limit to 50 incidents per fetch.
- __Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus V2__
Improved handling of empty responses for the  ***autofocus-samples-search*** and ***autofocus-sessions-search*** commands.
- __Have I Been Pwned? V2__
  - Added handling for cases where the rate limit is exceeded.
  - Added the *max_retry_time* integration parameter, which defines the maximum time per request.
- __AttackIQ Platform__
Changed the integration name from **AttackIQ FireDrill** to **AttackIQ Platform**.
- __BluecatAddressManager__
  - Added the ***bluecat-am-get-range-by-ip*** command.
  - Improved handling of cases in which an error is returned from querying a non-existing IP address.
- __Microsoft Teams__
  - Added support for single port mapping.
  - Added the ***microsoft-teams-integration-health*** command.
- __OnboardingIntegration__
Fixed an issue where incidents weren't fetched when the *frequency* parameter was set.
- __Shodan v2__
Added display name clarification.
- __Slack v2__
Added support for sending blocks (graphical attachments) in messages. For more information see the integration documentation.
- __SplunkPy__
Added the *Earliest time to fetch* and *Latest time to fetch* parameters, which are the names of the Splunk fields whose value defines the query's earliest and latest time to fetch.
- __PagerDuty v2__
Added new arguments to the ***PagerDuty-get-users-on-call-now*** command.
  - *escalation_policy_ids*
  - *schedule_ids*
- __Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection__
Fixed an issue in the ***fetch incidents*** functionality.
- __Snowflake__
Fixed an issue in the ***fetch incidents*** functionality.
- __SentinelOne V2__
  - Fixed an issue with the ***sentinelone-disconnect-agent*** command.
  - Fixed human-readable output in the ***sentinelone-get-threat*** command in cases where the content_hash does not exist.
- __Recorded Future__
Added the *Suspicious Threshold* parameter.

---
### Scripts

####  New Script
- __PanwIndicatorCreateQueries__
The script accepts indicators as input and creates an indicator query in the relevant Palo Alto Networks products.

####  6 Improved Scripts
- __FilterByList__
Regular expressions (regex) now work as expected.
- __ParseEmailFiles__
Improved handling for smime signed file attachments in MSG emails.
- __CheckEmailAuthenticity__
Fixed an issue that prevented playbooks from using this script.
- __CommonServerPython__
  - Added requests debugging logger when *debug-mode=true*.
  - Added the ***BaseClient*** and ***DemistoException*** objects.
  - Added the ***build_dbot_entry*** and ***build_malicious_dbot_entry*** functions.
  - Added spaces between cells for ***tableToMarkdown*** function output, to prevent auto-extract over multiple cells.
- __SlackAsk__
Added support for users to reply to messages received from the Demisto integration using buttons. For more information see the integration documentation.
- __SaneDocReports__
  - Fixed several issues related to tables in reports generated as DOCX files.  
  - Generating the new investigation layout in a report as a DOCX file works as expected.

---
### Playbooks

####  2 New Playbooks
- __AutoFocusPolling__
Use this playbook as a sub-playbook to query the Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus threat intelligence system. This sub-playbook is the same as the generic polling sub-playbook except that it provides outputs in the playbook. The reason for that is that in AutoFocus it is not possible to query the results of the same query more than once, so the outputs have to be in the polling context.
- __Autofocus Query Samples, Sessions and Tags__
Use this playbook to query the PANW threat intelligence AutoFocus system. The playbook accepts indicators such as IPs, hashes, and domains to run basic queries or model advanced queries that can leverage several query parameters. We recommend that you create advanced queries using the AutoFocus UI https://autofocus.paloaltonetworks.com/#/dashboard/organization to created a query and then use the export search button. The result can be used as a playbook input.


####  3 Improved Playbooks
- __Panorama Query Logs__
Fixed an issue in the ***Panorama Query logs*** playbook.
- __Cortex XDR Incident Handling__
The ***Is AutoFocus Enabled?*** task now checks for the **AutoFocus v2** integration.
- __Phishing Investigation - Generic v2__
Fixed an issue where the email authenticity check task failed to find the relevant script.

---
### Incident Layouts

####  New Incident Layout
- __GDPR Data Breach - Summary__
Added a new layout for the **GDPR Data Breach** incident type.

####  Improved Incident Layout
- __Phishing - Summary__
Added email authenticity check to phishing incident layout (summary page).