## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.11.1 (34712)
##### Published on 26 November 2019
### Integrations

####  7 New Integrations
- __Azure Security Center v2__
Unified security management and advanced threat protection across hybrid cloud workloads.
- __JsonWhoIs__
Provides data enrichment for domains and IP addresses.
- __Microsoft Graph Mail Single User__
Microsoft Graph allows Demisto authorized access to a user's Outlook mail data in a personal or organization account.
- __PhishLabs IOC EIR__
Get live feeds of IOC data from PhishLabs.
- __Tanium v2__
Tanium endpoint security and systems management.
- __Azure Compute v2__
Create and manage Azure VMs.
- __FireEye Helix__
FireEye Helix is a security operations platform that integrates security tools and augments them with next-generation SIEM, orchestration and threat intelligence tools such as alert management, search, analysis, investigations and reporting.

####  25 Improved Integrations
- __EWS v2__
  - Improved logging.
  - Added the *Max incidents per fetch* parameter, which specifies the maximum number of incidents to retrieve per fetch. The maximum is 50.
- __Microsoft Graph User__
Added pagination to the ***msgraph-user-list*** command.
- __Red Canary__
Added the *Reason*, *EndpointID*, and *EndpointUserID* keys to detections context.
- __Hybrid Analysis__
  - Added the *jobID*, *sha256* and *environmentID* arguments to the ***hybrid-analysis-get-report-status*** command.
  - Added the *malicious_threat_levels* argument to the ***hybrid-analysis-detonate-file*** command.
  - The ***hybrid-analysis-detonate-file*** command now works as expected.
- __RSA Archer__
Fixed an issue with the presentation of user display names.
- __Carbon Black Enterprise Response__
Added the ***cb-binary-download*** command, which replaces the deprecated ***cb-binary-get*** command.
- __ArcSight ESM v2__
Fixed an issue with the response encoding.
- __Anomali ThreatStream v2__
Fixed an issue with DBotScore context data.
- __SentinelOne V2__
Fixed an issue in the ***Fetch incidents*** function.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__
  - Added support for a list of *job_id* in the ***panorama-query-logs*** and ***panorama-check-logs-status*** commands.
  - Added the *ip* argument in the ***panorama-query-logs*** command.
- __IBM QRadar__
Fixed an issue in outputs for the ***get-search-results*** command.
- __Tenable.io__
Fixed an issue in the ***tenable-io-get-vulnerabilities-by-asset*** command.
- __Palo Alto Networks WildFire v2__
  - Added validation to the **server** parameter.
  - Fixed an issue with DBotScore context data.
- __RSA NetWitness Packets and Logs__
Fixed an issue in query parsing.
- __MISP V2__
Added support to search events by tags using the logical operators AND, OR, and NOT.
- __Stealthwatch Cloud__
Fixed an issue where incidents were fetched multiple times.
- __Slack v2__
  - Added Slack API rate limit call handling.
  - Added an optional parameter to specify a proxy URL to use with the Slack API.
- __McAfee Advanced Threat Defense__
Fixed an issue with the integration's proxy settings.
- __Proofpoint TAP v2__
  - Fixed the **fetch-incidents** function, which did not fetch duplicate values.
  - Added the ***proofpoint-get-forensics*** command. 
  - Added context outputs for the ***proofpoint-get-events*** command.
- __SumoLogic__
  - Added the *fetchDelay* parameter, which defines the time between ***fetch-incidents*** executions.
  - Added the *fetchRecords* parameter to fetch aggregate results (instead of messages).
  - Updated the SumoLogic logo.
- __AWS - ACM__
Bugfix for Proxy/Insecure issues.
- __Atlassian Jira (v2)__
Added the _attachmentName_ parameter to the ___jira-issue-upload-file___ command, which sets the attachment name in Jira.
- __nmap__
Fixed an issue in nmap scans with the *-sn* flag.
- __Have I Been Pwned? V2__
Added batch support for domain and email commands.
- __Cofense Triage__
Fixed an issue with the test module.

####  4 Deprecated Integrations
- __ExtraHop__
We recommend using the ExtraHop Reveal(x) integration instead.
- __Azure Compute__
Deprecated.
- __Azure Security Center__
Deprecated.
- __AlienVault OTX__
We recommend using the AlienVault OTX v2 integration instead.

---
### Scripts

####  2 New Scripts
- __SetIfEmpty__
Checks an object for an empty value and returns a preset default value.
- __ExtractFQDNFromUrlAndEmail__
Extracts FQDNs from URLs and emails.

####  7 Improved Scripts
- __PositiveDetectionsVSDetectionEngines__
  - Displays a bar chart of the number of Positive Detections out of overall detections. Tagged as dynamic-indicator-section.
  - Fixed an issue that made zero-values return wrong results.
- __CommonServerPython__
BaseClient now uses the session function to maintain an open session with the server.
- __FilterByList__
Added the option to search for an exact match.
- __ExtractDomainFromUrlAndEmail__
Added support to identify URLs and domains prefixed with *http:* or *http:\\*.
- __UnEscapeURLs__
Added support to identify URLs and domains prefixed with *http:* or *http:\\*.
- __StixParser__
You can now parse single-object STIX 2 files.
- __SumList__
  - Fixed an issue with handling input as a comma-separated string.
  - Added support for floating numbers.

---
### Playbooks

####  11 New Playbooks
- __Access Investigation - Generic - NIST__
Investigates an access incident by gathering user and IP information, and handling the incident based on the stages in "Handling an incident - Computer Security Incident Handling Guide" by NIST.
- __PAN-OS - Block Domain - External Dynamic List__
Blocks domains using Palo Alto Networks Panorama or Firewall External Dynamic Lists.
- __Convert file hash to corresponding hashes__
Enables you to get all of the corresponding file hashes for a file even if there is only one hash type available.
- __Tanium - Get Saved Question Result__
Uses generic polling to get saved question results.
- __Endpoint Malware Investigation - Generic__
This playbook is triggered by a malware incident from an **Endpoint** type integration. The playbook performs enrichment, detonation, and hunting within the organization, and remediation on the malware.
- __NIST - Handling an Incident Template__
This playbook contains the phases to handling an incident as described in the *Handling an Incident* section of NIST - Computer Security Incident Handling Guide.
- __Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS IAM Password Policy Misconfiguration__
Remediates Prisma Cloud AWS IAM password policy alerts.
- __Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS IAM Policy Misconfiguration__
Remediates Prisma Cloud AWS IAM policy alerts.
- __NIST - Lessons Learned__
This playbook assists in processing an incident after it occurs and facilitates the lessons learned stage.
- __FireEye Helix Archive Search__
Creates an archive search in FireEye Helix, and fetches the results as events.
- __Tanium - Ask Question__
Uses generic polling to get question results.

####  6 Improved Playbooks
- __Impossible Traveler__
The countries from which the user logged in are now saved in incident fields and are displayed in the layout.
- __Isolate Endpoint - Generic__
Added playbook outputs.
- __Panorama Query Logs__
Added the *ip* argument to the playbook.
- __Phishing - Core__
Fixed an issue where Rasterize would attempt to run even if inactive.
- __Traps Isolate Endpoint__
Added playbook outputs.
- __Extract Indicators From File - Generic v2__
Extracts indicators from a file.

---
### Widgets

####  Improved Widget
- __Page Break Widget__
Fixed an issue in the page break widget for PDF and DOC reports.

---
### Incident Fields
- __Threat Actor__
The threat actor.
- __Host Name__
The host name.
- __Previous Country__
The country from which the user previously logged in.
- __NIST Stage__
The investigation's current NIST stage.
  - Associated to Malware incident type.
  - Associated the field with the Impossible Traveler event type.

---
### Incident Layouts

####  New Incident Layout
- __Malware - Summary__
Added a layout for the **Malware** incident type. Requires Demisto v5.0.

####  Improved Incident Layout
- __Impossible Traveler - Summary__
Added a layout for the **Impossible Traveler** incident type.

---
### Classification & Mapping

####  New Classification & Mapping
- __Microsoft Graph Mail Single User__
Added a classifier for the Microsoft Graph Mail Single User integration.

---
### Reputations
- Added support to identify URLs and domains prefixed with *http:* or *http:\\*.
- Added support for FQDN extraction as a domain indicator type.