## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.12.0 (35835)
##### Published on 10 December 2019
### Integrations

####  5 New Integrations
- __Accessdata__
Use the Accessdata integration to protect against and provide additional visibility into phishing and other malicious email attacks.
- __IronDefense__
Use the IronDefense Integration to rate alerts, update alert statuses, add comments to alerts, and to report observed bad activity.
- __Microsoft Graph Groups__
Use the Microsoft Graph Groups integration to create and manage different types of groups and group functionality.
- __Gmail Single User (Beta)__
Use the Gmail Single User integration to send and receive emails from a single user's mailbox. Authentication is performed using OAuth 2.0 protocol.
- __Blue Coat Content and Malware Analysis (Beta)__
Blue Coat Content and Malware Analysis.

####  22 Improved Integrations
- __MISP V2__
You can now filter an event by attribute data fields.
- __Alexa Rank Indicator__
  - Added fallback for when the default endpoint is inaccessible.
  - Added support for connection from a proxy.
  - Updated DBotScore outputs.
- __CrowdStrike Falcon Sandbox__
The ***crowdstrike-submit-sample*** command now works as expected.
- __PhishLabs IOC EIR v2__
Changed the display name to **PhishLabs EIR v2**.
- __Microsoft Graph User__
Fixed an issue where the ***msgraph-user-create*** command did not work if the optional argument *other_properties* was not supplied. You can now run this command without supplying the *other_properties* argument.
- __RSA Archer__
  - Fixed an issue when retrieving app IDs for applications with reverse field mapping.
  - Added support for multiselect fields in the following commands.
    - ***archer-create-record***
    - ***archer-update-record***
  - Added support for specifying users in type 8 fields in the following commands.
    - ***archer-create-record***
    - ***archer-update-record***
- __WhatIsMyBrowser__
Added support for the *extend-context* argument in the ***ua-parse*** command.
- __LogRhythm__
Fixed an issue with an error message in the ***lr-get-alarms*** command.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Management__
  - Updated the detailed description.
  - Fixed an issue where the ***pan-os-edl-update*** command failed when the file path included space characters at *scp_execute()*.
  - Fixed an issue where the *ssh_execute()* function failed when the file name included space characters.
  - Added the following commands.
    - ***pan-os-edl-update-internal-list***
    - ***pan-os-edl-update-external-file***
- __VirusTotal__
  - Added batch support for the reputation commands (**ip**, **url**, and **domain**).
  - Fixed an issue where the DBotScore would create duplications in the incident context. This effects Demisto v5.5 and later.
- __Symantec Managed Security Services__
You can now use special characters in comments when running the ***symantec-mss-update-incident*** command.
- __Atlassian Jira (v2)__
Improved support for the following authentication methods. (Requires Demisto v5.0)
  - Basic
  - OAuth 1.0
- __Exabeam__
  - Improved error handling.
  - Added the prefix *exabeam-* to all commands.
  - Added 2 new commands.
    - ***exabeam-delete-watchlist***
    - ***exabeam-get-asset-data***
- __FireEye HX__
Fixed an issue where ***fireeye-hx-file-acquisition*** command would fail on a timeout.
- __Anomali ThreatStream v2__
  - The ***threatstream-import-indicator-with-approval*** command now works as expected.
  - Added support for comma-separated values in reputation commands (***ip***, ***file***, ***domain***, and ***url***).
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__
  - Fixed an issue where the status log queries that returned zero results did not update to *Completed*.
  - Added 2 commands.
    - ***panorama-get-url-category-from-cloud***
    - ***panorama-get-url-category-from-host***
  - Added support to get, create, and edit custom URL category objects, including using the categories attribute in PAN-OS v9.x and above.
- __EWS Mail Sender__
Fixed issue where threads not closed after executing the command.
- __Active Directory Query v2__
Improved handling of error messages.
- __PhishLabs IOC EIR__
Changed the display name to **Phishlabs IOC EIR**.
- __Microsoft Graph Mail__
Added 7 new commands.
  - ***msgraph-mail-list-folders***
  - ***msgraph-mail-list-child-folders***
  - ***msgraph-mail-create-folder***
  - ***msgraph-mail-update-folder***
  - ***msgraph-mail-delete-folder***
  - ***msgraph-mail-move-email***
  - ***msgraph-mail-get-email-as-eml***
- __Slack v2__
  - Fixed an issue where mirrored investigations contained mismatched user names.
  - Added reporter and reporter email as labels to incidents that are created by direct messages.
- __CrowdStrike Falcon__
Fixed an issue with ***fetch incidents***, which caused incident duplication.

####  Deprecated Integration
- __Phishme Intelligence__
Use the Cofense Intelligence integration instead.

---
### Scripts

####  5 New Scripts
- __AccessdataCheckProcessExistsInSnapshot__
Reads the contents of the processes list XML file from context and checks if the given process exists in the process list.
- __GetEWSFolder__
Retrieves emails from multiple folders of an account in a single batch.
- __ExportMLModel__
Exports an existing machine learning (ML) model to a file.
- __ImportMLModel__
Imports a file that contains a machine learning (ML) model.
- __ConvertAllExcept__
Converts all selected values but exceptions.

####  9 Improved Scripts
- __ReadPDFFileV2__
  - Added support for processing PDF files that generate a warning.
  - Fixed an issue with URL extraction from PDF files.
- __ParseEmailFiles__
Fixed an issue with handling smime signed files with no attachments.
- __CheckEmailAuthenticity__
  - Fixed an issue where the script did not properly determine the authenticity of some emails.
  - Fixed an issue where DKIM Signing-Domain was not identified.
- __ZipFile__
Fixed an issue where output values did not match the output paths.
- __QRadarGetOffenseCorrelations__
Added support for different CRE name default values.
- __UnzipFile__
Fixed an issue where supplying a wrong password would still upload a file to the War Room.
- __UnEscapeURLs__
Fixed an issue where special characters in URLs were parsed incorrectly.
- __ProofpointDecodeURL__
Deprecated. Changed to call *UnEscapeURLs*.
- __QRadarGetCorrelationLogs__
Added support for different CRE name default values.

---
### Playbooks

####  3 New Playbooks
- __PAN-OS Query Logs For Indicators__
This playbook queries the following PAN-OS log types: traffic, threat, url, data-filtering and wildfire. The playbook accepts inputs such as IP, hash, and url.
- __Get Mails By Folder Pathes__
This playbook retreives emails from specified folders and executes pre-processing using EWS.
- __Accessdata: Dump memory for malicious process__
Use this playbook as a sub-playbook to dump memory if a given process is running on a legacy AD agent.

####  2 Improved Playbooks
- __PAN-OS Commit Configuration__
Removed PA-VM as the firewall identifier and changed the condition to *else*.
- __PhishingDemo-Onboarding__
The playbook now uses the updated File output context path of the **extractIndicators** command.

---
### Reports

####  Improved Report
- __Critical and High incidents__
Table column names are now capitalized.

---
### Classification & Mapping

####  New Classification & Mapping
- __Gmail Single User__
Gmail Single User integration now supports the OAuth 2.0 protocol.

####  2 Improved Classification & Mapping
- __RedLock__
Updated the classifier with a new transformer.
- __prismaCloud_app__
Updated the classifier with a new transformer.