## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.2.2 (18802)
##### Published on 21 February 2019
### Integrations

####  5 New Integrations
- __CounterTack__
CounterTack empowers endpoint security teams to assure endpoint protection
  for identifying cyber threats.
- __EclecticIQ Platform__
A threat intelligence platform that connects and interprets intelligence data from open sources, commercial suppliers, and industry partnerships.
- __Fidelis Elevate Network__
Automate detection and response to network threats and data leakage in your organization.
- __Symantec Endpoint Protection V2__
Query the Symantec Endpoint Protection Manager using the official REST API.
- __WhatsMyBrowser__
Parse user agents and determine if they are malicious as well as enrich information about the agent.

####  13 Improved Integrations
- __Anomali ThreatStream__
Fixed an issue with the DBot score.
- __ArcSight ESM__
  - Fixed an issue in which fetch incidents creates duplicate incidents.
  - You can now update the _severity_ field when running the ___as-update-case___ command.
  - Updated all time outputs to be date field, in Date format, not Epoch.
- __RSA Archer__
Added the ___archer-get-valuelist___ command, which gets a field's value-list.
- __EWS v2__
Added the option to search by _message-id_ when running the ___ews-search-mailbox___ command.
- __IntSights__
  - Added the _Sub account ID_ parameter (for MSSP accounts) to the instance configuration.
  - Added the ___intsights-mssp-get-sub-accounts___ command.
- __MISP V2__
  - Added the ___misp-add-sighting___ command.
  - Added test connection functionality.
- __McAfee Advanced Threat Defense__
Fixed URL parsing.
- __McAfee Threat Intelligence Exchange__
Indicators with a DBot reputation score of less than 30 are now set to __bad__.
- __Microsoft Graph__
Improved partial content handling.
- __PhishMe Intelligence__
  - Reimplemented the way DBot score is calculated.
  - Added 4 threshold parameters to the instance configuration.
  - Added new output paths.
- __urlscan.io__
Fixed an issue where the insecure setting was ignored during polling.
- __Palo Alto WildFire__
Improved command outputs.
- __Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection__
Added support for OAUTH2 authentication.

##### Deprecated Integration
- __Symantec Endpoint Protection 14 (Deprecated)__
Use Symantec Endpoint Protection V2 instead.

---
### Scripts

####  New Script
- __PcapHTTPExtractor__
Parses and extracts HTTP flows (requests/responses) from a pcap/pcapng file.

####  7 Improved Scripts
- __CommonServerPython__
Added the _return_outputs()_ function,  which wraps the _demisto.results()_ function.
- __CopyFileD2__
Added overwrite support.
- __D2Drop__
Added overwrite support.
- __FilterByList__
The _FilterByList_ script now supports regex items.
- __ReadPDFFile__
Improved script outputs.
- __RegPathReputationBasicLists__
  - Fixed the score given to a RegistryPath. 
  - Added outputs.
- __UnEscapeURLs__
Added handling of Microsoft ATP protected URLs.

####  Deprecated Script
- __SEPScan__
Use the ___sep-scan-endpoint___ command instead.

---
### Reputations
- Added reputation value and context paths for IPs, escaped IPs, domains, MD5s, SHA-1s, URLs, and escaped URLs. 
- Removed unnecessary scripts.
---
### Breaking Changes
__ArcSight ESM instance configuration settings deleted__
If you installed Content Release v19.2.1 (18725), certain ArcSight ESM instance parameters might have been deleted in the instances configured before installing this content version.