## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.2.0 (18017)
##### Published on 05 February 2019
### Integrations

####  2 New Integrations
- __Freshdesk__
Manage tickets, agents, and contacts.
- __Kafka V2__
The Open source distributed streaming platform.

####  17 Improved Integrations
- __AbuseIPDB__
The 'Unverified HTTPS request is being made' warning is ignored when the __Trust any certificate__ checkbox is selected.
- __ArcSight ESM__
Improved proxy usage in the ___as-get-security-events___ command.
- __RSA Archer__
Added a caching mechanism that improves command execution performance.
- __Cisco Umbrella Investigate__
DBotScore now displays even when there is no rank.
- __CrowdStrike Falcon Sandbox__
Improved error handling of the ___crowdstrike-submit-sample___ command.
- __CrowdStrike Falcon Intel__
Added the _threshold_ parameter to identify and label malicious indicators.
- __Cylance Protect v2__
Improved error handling for the ___cylance-protect-get-device___ command when no device is found.
- __EWS v2__
  - Added the ___ews-expand-group___. 
  - Fixed an issue with 2010-2016 mixed environments.
- __Gmail__
Fixed an issue with the ___gmail-revoke-user-role___ command.
- __Joe Security__
Added support in the ___joe-analysis-submit-sample___ command for EML files when there are no files attachments to analyze.
- __McAfee Advanced Threat Defense__
The _url_ argument in the ___atd-upload-file__ command does not require a protocol prefix.
- __Palo Alto Firewall and Panorama__
  - Improved error messages.
  - Added support for Service and Service groups objects.
- __PhishMe Intelligence__
Improved argument and command descriptions.
- __Recorded Future__
Added: Commands for retrieving threats by a specified order; Retrieving risk lists as csv files (with additional scripts to create indicators using them); Retrieving and fetching alerts.
- __Check Point Sandblast Cloud Services__
Made improvements to Context and DBot score.
- __ServiceNow__
  - Fixed severity mapping.
  - Improved parameter descriptions.
  - Fixed human readable headers.
  - Added the _Opened At_ argument to ticket creation.
  - Added a command to get ticket notes using ___sys_journal_field___ table.
- __SplunkPy__
Improved human readable output for the ___splunk-search___ command.

---
### Scripts

####  3 New Scripts
- __HighlightWords__
Highlight words inside a given text.
- __SendEmailOnSLABreach__
Sends an email informing the user assigned to an incident of an SLA breach.
- __Cut__
Cut a string by delimiter and return specific fields.

####  3 Improved Scripts
- __CommonServerPython__
Added the _is_error_ and _get_error_ helper functions to remove errors from ___demisto.executeCommand()___ result.
- __UnEscapeURLs__
Added support for ProofPoint encrypted URLs.
- __ParseEmailFiles__
Improved implementation and fixed several issues.

#### 2 Deprecated Scripts
- __SplunkPySearch__
Use the ___splunk-search___ command instead.
- __StringContains__
Use the _StringContainsArray_ filter instead.


---
### Playbooks

####  1 Improved Playbook
- __PanoramaCommitConfiguration__
Filters JobIDs and executes the GenericPolling task only for those JobIDs.

---
### Reputations
Added reputation value and context path for SHA256. Auto-Extract should now work properly for SHA256.