## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.3.1 (19965)
##### Published on 19 March 2019
### Integrations

####  New Integrations
- __DUO Admin__
Manage administrative functionality of DUO Security's two-factor authentication platform.

####  11 Improved Integrations
- __Active Directory Query v2__
  - Added the _context-output_ argument to the ___ad-search___ command.  If the argument is set to _no_, the command will not output results. 
  - Improved functionality of the _size-limit_ argument in the ___ad-search___ command.
- __ArcSight ESM v2__
  - Added the _newparameter_ parameter, which defines the maximum number of unique case IDs to fetch.
  - Improved representation of ArcSight fields in the context.
  - For the ___as-get-case-event-ids___ command, added a flag that gets correlated events .
- __Cybereason__
Added the _machinename_ argument to the ___cybereason-malop-processes___ command.
- __Gmail__
Improved fetched incidents functionality.
- __Luminate__
Added severity to fetched incidents.
- __Phish.AI__
Added the ___phish-ai-dispute-url___ command.
- __ProtectWise__
Fixed a context output issue, which caused inaccessible items to be available in context.
- __Symantec Advanced Threat Protection__
Fixed output for the ___satp-files___ command in cases when the file was not previously seen in ATP.
- __Whois__
The integration is now disabled by default.
- __Palo Alto Networks WildFire__
Improved error handling for the ___wildfire-report___ command.
- __Zscaler__
Added the __Use system proxy settings__ checkbox to the integration configuration. By default, the checkbox is selected. If you do not want to use system proxy settings, make sure you clear this checkbox.

---
### Scripts

####  New Script
- __CheckDockerImageAvailable__
Checks if a Docker image is available for performing Docker pull. The script simulates the Docker pull flow, but doesn't actually pull the image. 

####  6 Improved Scripts
- __ParseEmailFiles__
  - EML files nested within EML files, and MSG files nested within MSG files are now extracted and parsed. 
  - Use the _HeadersMap_ (key-value structure) for output instead of _Headers_.
  - Added the _parse_only_headers_ argument (set to true) to parse only headers.
- __ExtractDomainFromUrlAndEmail__
Fixed domain extraction functionality when working with subdomains in an email.
- __ExtractIndicatorsFromWordFile__
  - Fixed an encoding issue.
  - Added support for encoding to UTF-8 when displaying the data.
- __FindSimilarIncidents__
Future incidents are now ignored.
- __ParseCSV__
Added support for non-UTF-8 codec.
- __RegPathReputationBasicLists__
Fixed score output.

#### Deprecated Script
- __ParseEmailHeaders__
Use the __ParseEmailFiles__ script instead. You need to specify  _parse_only_headers=true_.

---
### Playbooks

####  2 Improved Playbooks
- __Detonate File - HybridAnalysis__
The playbook now checks for an active integration instance enabled.
- __Process Email - Generic__    
Improved detection of EML and MSG files as attachments.

---
### Widgets

####  8 New Widgets
- __Active Incidents Assigned by User__
- __Active Incidents by Role__
- __Active Incidents - Line chart__
- __Active Incidents - Pie chart__
- __Closed Incidents by Role__
- __Unassigned Active Incidents__
- __Unassigned Closed Incidents__
- __Unassigned Pending Incidents__

####  8 Improved Widgets
- __Average Incident Duration by Role (Avg)__
Improved the query and updated the widget name.
- __Incidents By Close Reason__
Improved the query and updated the widget name.
- __Incidents Occurred Per Day__
Improved the query and updated the widget name.
- __Incidents by Role__
Improved the query and updated the widget name.
- __Incidents Top Close Analysts__
Improved the query and updated the widget name.
- __MTTR by Type__
Improved the query and updated the widget name.
- __MTTR Occurred by Type__
Improved the query and updated the widget name.
- __Top Active Playbooks__
Improved the query and updated the widget name.

##### 4 Removed Widgets
- __ActiveIncidentByType__
- __ActiveIncidentsBySeverity__
- __IncidentsAssignedByUser__
- __Mttr__