## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.3.0 (19237)
##### Published on 05 March 2019
### Integrations

#### 6 New Integrations
- __Active Directory Query v2__
Active Directory Query integration enables you to  access and manage Active Directory objects (users, contacts, and computers).
- __Azure Compute__
Create and manage Azure Virtual Machines.
- __Azure Security Center__
Unified security management and advanced threat protection across hybrid
  cloud workloads.
- __ArcSight ESM v2__
ArcSight ESM SIEM by Micro Focus (formerly HPE Software).
- __Thinkst Canary__
By presenting itself as an apparently benign and legitimate service, the Canary draws the attention of unwanted activity. When someone trips one of the Canary's triggers, an alert is sent to notify the responsible parties so that action can be taken before valuable systems in your network are compromised.
- __Exchange 2016 Compliance Search__
Exchange Server 2016 Compliance Search enables you to search for and delete an email message from all mailboxes in your organization.

####  32 Improved Integrations
- __Anomali ThreatStream__
Added Push Indicators functionality.
- __RSA Archer__
Added the ___archer-reset-cache___ command, which resets the integration cache.
- __Check Point Firewall__
Improved entries and outputs.
- __CounterTack__
Updated output descriptions.
- __CVE Search__
The integration is now disabled by default.
- __Gmail__
Fixed the _from_  argument in the ___gmail-add-filter___ command.
- __Hybrid Analysis__
The integration is now disabled by default.
- __ipinfo__
The integration is now disabled by default.
- __LogRhythm__
You can now add the server URL as an integration instance parameter.
- __MISP V2__
Improved handling of warning messages from PyMISP.
- __McAfee Active Response__
Added several new commands.
- __Mimecast__
Fixed potential bug in mimecast-list-managed-url.
- __okta__
Implemented aesthetic improvements.
- __OpenPhish__
The integration is now disabled by default.
- __Palo Alto Minemeld__
Improved error handling.
- __PhishTank__
The integration is now disabled by default.
- __RSA NetWitness v11.1__
Fixed an issue with the ___netwitness-update-incident___ command in which the _assignee_ argument was ignored.
- __RTIR__
Fixed a certification verification error.
- __Check Point Sandblast Cloud Services__
Fixed test button, so that it will fail if the user is out of quota.
- __ServiceNow__
  - Custom fields work as expected.
  - Improved indication of errors when fetching incidents.
  - Improved handling of the __No Record Found__ error.
- __SplunkPy__
Fixed an issue with the command splunk-search, when the result contained unicode values.
- __Symantec Endpoint Protection V2__
Added _lastScanTime_ to output in the ___sep-endpoints-info___.
- __Symantec Advanced Threat Protection__
Fixed output for the  ___satp-files___ command in cases when ATP has not seen the file.
- __Threat Crowd__
The integration is now disabled by default.
- __Cisco Threat Grid__
The ___threat-grid-upload-sample___ now works as expected with file names that contain new line characters.
- __urlscan.io__
The integration is now disabled by default.
- __urlscan.io__
Added the _wait_ and _retries_ rate limit arguments to the ___url___ command.
- __VirusTotal__
Improved error handling and parameters checks.
- __Whois__
The integration is now disabled by default.
- __IBM X-Force Exchange__
401 error handling.
- __dnstwist__
Added an option to specify the _whois_ argument for the ___dnstwist-domain-variations___ command.
- __FireEye (AX Series)__
Fixed a client token parameter issue.

##### Deprecated Integration
- __ArcSight ESM__
Use the  __ArcSight ESM v2__ integration instead.

---
### Scripts

####  3 Improved Scripts
- __FindSimilarIncidents__
Fixed escaping of special characters.
- __FindSimilarIncidentsByText__
Improved algorithm with short texts.
- __ShowScheduledEntries__
The script does not return tasks that have completed schedules.

####  8 Deprecated Scripts
- __ADGetComputer__
Use the ___ad-get-computer___ command instead.
- __ADGetGroupMembers__
Use the ___ad-get-group-members___ command instead.
- __ExtractDomain__
Use the ___extractIndicators___ command instead.
- __ExtractEmail__
Use the ___extractIndicators___ command instead.
- __ExtractHash__
Use the ___extractIndicators___ command instead.
- __ExtractIP__
Use the ___extractIndicators___ command instead.
- __ExtractURL__
Use the ___extractIndicators___ command instead.
- __InviteUser__
Use the ___DemistoSendInvite___ script instead.

---
### Playbooks

####  New Playbook
- __Exchange 2016 Search and Delete__
Run a compliance search in Exchange Server 2016 and delete the results.

####  5 Improved Playbooks
- __ArcsSight - Get events related to the Case__
The playbook now supports ArcSight ESM v2.
- __Malware Investigation - Generic - Setup__
Updated the tests comment.
- __SentinelOne - Endpoint data collection__
Added a task that checks if SentinelOne is enabled.
- __DeDup incidents__
The condition that checks if there is a context key is now set to _true_.
- __Detonate File - ThreatGrid__
  - Fixed handling of file types.
  - The playbook only detonates files larger than 0 KB.

####  7 Deprecated Playbooks
- __Account Enrichment__
Use the ___Account Enrichment - Generic___ playbook instead.
- __Detonate files__
Use the ___Detonate File - Generic___ playbook instead.
- __Enrichment Playbook__
Use the ___Entity Enrichment - Generic___ playbook instead.
- __Extract Indicators - Generic__
Use the ___extractIndicators___ command instead.
- __Incident Enrichment__
Use the ___Default___ playbook instead.
- __Phishing Playbook - Automated__
Use the ___Phishing investigation - Generic___ playbook instead.
- __Process Email__
Use the ___Process Email - Generic___ playbook instead.