## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.4.1 (21467)
##### Published on 16 April 2019
### Integrations

####  3 New Integrations
- __Atlassian Jira (v2)__
Use the Jira integration to manage issues and create Demisto incidents from the projects.
- __Palo Alto Networks Cortex__
The Cortex framework manages all Palo Alto Networks cloud-based products.
- __Google Cloud Compute__
Google Compute Engine delivers virtual machines running in Google's innovative data centers and worldwide fiber network. Compute Engine's tooling and workflow support enable scaling from single instances to global, load-balanced cloud computing.

####  12 Improved Integrations
- __AD Query v2__
Fixed an issue when configuring the port parameter.
- __CrowdStrike Falcon__
Improved wording and descriptions for the _platform_name_ argument in the ___cs-falcon-search-device___ command.
- __Fidelis Elevate Network__
Improved the fetch incidents function.
- __Snowflake__
Updated documentation and setting descriptions.
- __CrowdStrike Falcon Sandbox__
Deprecated the _crowdstrike-detonate-file_ command and the _crowdstrike-detonate-url_ command. Use the Crowdstrike Falcon Sandbox - Detonate playbooks instead.
- __McAfee ESM-v10__
Improved the fetch incidents function.
- __HashiCorp Vault__
Fixed fetching credentials.
- __Phish.AI__
Replaced the _url_ argument with the  _scan_id_ argument in the ___phish-ai-check-status___ command. You must replace the _url_ argument with the _scan_id_ argument in automations and playbooks. Backward compatibility is not supported. Added outputs that enable the Detonate URL playbook to initiate as expected.
- __Tanium__
  - Fixed an issue with testing the integration.
  - Added log messages.
- __VirusTotal - Private API__
  - Added a mechanism that supports multiple URLs, for the ___vt-private-get-url-report__ command.
  - Fixed an issue with the API. 
  - Added context to ___vt-private-get-domain-report__, ___vt-private-get-file-report__, and ___vt-private-get-url-report___ commands.
  - Fixed the DBot score in the ___ip-report___ command. 
  - Added a mechanism that determines if a file or URL are malicious, based on trusted vendors.
- __VirusTotal__
Added a mechanism that determines whether a file or URL are malicious, based on trusted vendors.
- __Palo Alto Networks WildFire__
Improved handling of context for the ___wildfire-report___ command in cases that hashes contain network data.


##### Deprecated Integration
- __Atlassian Jira__
Use the Atlassian Jira v2 integration instead.

---
### Scripts

####  New Script
- __WordTokenizerNLP__
Tokenize the words of input text.

####  7 Improved Scripts
- __ParseEmailFiles__
Improved how email file types are detected.
- __CommonServerPython__
  - Added logger support for Python3.
  - Common code that will be merged into each server script, when it runs.
- __DemistoUploadFile__
  - Added a body argument.
  - Improved the script description.
- __DemistoUploadFileToIncident__
  - Added a body argument.
  - Improved the script description.
- __ExtractDomainFromUrlAndEmail__
Executes the _UnEscapeURLs_ script before extracting the domain.
- __UnEscapeIPs__
The script input now supports arrays.
- __UnEscapeURLs__
The script input now supports arrays.

---
### Playbooks

####  6 Improved Playbooks
- __Detonate File - JoeSecurity__
Added missing outputs.
- __ATD - Detonate File__
Added missing outputs.
- __Detonate URL - JoeSecurity__
Added missing outputs.
- __Detonate URL - McAfee ATD__
Added missing outputs.
- __Detonate URL - Phish.AI__
  - Improved playbook implementation.
  - Added outputs.
- __Process Email - Generic__
Fixed how indicators are extracted.