## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.5.1 (23606)
##### Published on 28 May 2019
### Integrations

####  5 New Integrations
- __AlienVault USM Anywhere__
Search and monitor alarms and events from AlienVault USM Anywhere.
- __Forescout__
Unified device visibility and control platform for IT and OT security.
- __PhishLabs IOC__
Get live feeds of IOC data from PhishLabs.
- __Minerva Labs Anti-Evasion Platform__
Minerva eliminates the endpoint security gap while empowering companies to embrace technology fearlessly.
- __LogRhythmRest__
LogRhythm security intelligence.

####  11 Improved Integrations
- __Image OCR__
Updated argument descriptions.
- __FireEye HX__
Fixed an issue that caused an error when running the ___fireeye-hx-fetch-incidents___ and ___fireeye-hx-get-alert___ commands.
- __FortiGate__
  - Fixed an issue with SRC and DST addresses in human readable output.
  - Policy creation now supports multiple sources and destinations.
  - Fixed an issue with the ___fortigate-update-policy___ command.
- __IntSights__
Added the _severity_level_ parameter, which fetches incidents based on the incident severity level.
- __Mail Sender (New)__
Improved an error message when testing the integration instance.
- __Palo Alto Networks Minemeld__
Added handling for the addition and removal of multiple indicators on miners.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__
Added the _log_forwarding_ argument to the ___panorama-create-rule___ and ___panorama-custom-block-rule___ commands. The argument is only available for Panorama instances.
- __Rasterize__
Added the _with_errors_ parameter, which enables the integration to return warnings instead of errors.
- __EWS Mail Sender__
Improved error messages.
- __VMRay__
Deprecated all previous commands, and added new commands.
- __Whois__
Added a package that enables improved parsing of Whois entries.

#### 3 Deprecated Integrations
- __Secdo - Deprecated__
Deprecated, use the Palo Alto Networks Cortex integration instead.
- __Palo Alto Networks Magnifier - Deprecated__
Deprecated, use the Palo Alto Networks Cortex integration instead.
- __Amazon Web Services - Deprecated__
Changed the integration name to reflect deprecated status.


---
### Scripts

####  2 New Scripts
- __PhishLabsPopulateIndicators__
Populate indicators by the PhishLabs IOC global feed.
- __ReadPDFFileV2__
Load the content and metadata of a PDF file into context.

####  3 Improved Scripts
- __ParseEmailFiles__
Fixed an issue with ParseEmailFiles when there is EML file inside an EML file.
- __FilterByList__
Added ability to ignore case.
- __StixCreator__
  - Added support for registry indicators, CVE CVSS vulnerability and doesn't throw exception on total failure.
  - Added support for the _stix2-validator_ package.


#### 3 Deprecated Scripts
- __VMRay__
Deprecated, use the __Detonate File - VMRay__ playbook instead.
- __vmray_getResults__
Deprecated, use the __Detonate File - VMRay__ playbook instead.
- __ReadPDFFile__
Deprecated, use the __ReadPDFFileV2__ script instead.

---
### Playbooks

####  4 New Playbooks
- __Detonate File - FireEye AX__
Detonate one or more files using the FireEye AX integration. This playbook returns relevant reports to the War Room and file reputations to the context data. 
- __PhishLabs - Populate Indicators__
Populate indicators from PhishLabs, according to a defined period of time.
- __PhishLabs - Whitelist false positives__
This playbook can be used in a job to whitelist indicators from PhishLabs, which were classified as false positives, according to a defined period of time.
- __Detonate File - VMRay__
Detonate a file using the VMRay integration.

####  Improved Playbook
- __Detonate File - Generic__
Added support for the VMRay and FireEye AX integrations.
