## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.5.0 (22786)
##### Published on 14 May 2019
### Integrations

####  3 New Integrations
- __Image OCR__
Extracts text from images.
- __Netcraft__
Enables you to open and handle takedown requests.
- __Palo Alto Networks WildFire v2__
Perform malware dynamic analysis.

####  5 Improved Integrations
- __Carbon Black Enterprise Protection v2__
  - Improved argument descriptions.
  - Added various arguments that streamline search commands.
  - For more information, see the [Carbon Black Enterprise Protection v2 documentation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360022492334).
- __Cherwell__
  - Enhanced "Test Module" functionality.
  - Fixed a syntax error.
- __ServiceNow__
Added _caller_ as an optional field for create a ticket and update a ticket commands.
- __Palo Alto Networks WildFire__
  - Added the _md5_ and _sha256_ arguments to ___!file___ command.
  - Invalid hashes in the ___!file___ command are regarded as a warning. 
  - Added the _sha256_ argument and deprecated the _hash_ argument for the ___wildfire-report___ command. 
  - Added the ___wildfire-get-sample___ command.
- __Rasterize__
Rasterize URL error handling.

---
### Scripts

####  2 New Scripts
- __GDPRContactAuthorities__
Returns the GDPR Data Protection Supervisory Authority Listing. A supervisory authority is an independent public authority which is established by a Member State pursuant to [Article 51. GDPR - Art. 4](https://gdpr-info.eu/art-4-gdpr/).
- __GetDockerImageLatestTag__
Gets the latest tag for a Docker image, by simulating the Docker pull flow, but does not actually pull the image. The script returns an entry with the latest tag of a Docker image if all is good, otherwise it will return an error.

####  9 Improved Scripts
- __CherwellCreateIncident__
Added tags and the ___dependsOn___ command.
- __CherwellGetIncident__
Added tags and the ___dependsOn___ command.
- __CherwellIncidentOwnTask__
Added tags and the ___dependsOn___ command.
- __CherwellIncidentUnlinkTask__
Added tags and the ___dependsOn___ command.
- __CherwellQueryIncidents__
Added tags and the ___dependsOn___ command.
- __CherwellUpdateIncident__
Added tags and the ___dependsOn___ command.
- __DeleteContext__
Fixed an issue where the script defines the index parameter as undefined when it set to zero.
- __IsEmailAddressInternal__
Added the ability to check for sub-domains.
- __LinkIncidentsWithRetry__
Improved script descriptions.

####  Deprecated Script
- __SendEmail__
Deprecated. Use the ___send-mail___ command instead.

---
### Playbooks

####  5 New Playbooks
- __GDPR Breach Notification__
This playbook executes when you manually create a GDPR data breach incident, and then performs the required tasks that are detailed in GDPR Article 33. For more information, see the [GDPR Breach Notification documentation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360022980613).

  ***Disclaimer: This playbook does not ensure compliance to the GDPR regulation. Before using this playbook, we advise consulting with the relevant authority, and adjusting it to the organization's needs.
- __Account Enrichment - Generic v2.1__
  - Replaced the Active Directory integration with the Active Directory v2 Query integration.
  - Removed redundant outputs.
- __Email Address Enrichment - Generic v2.1__
  - Enriches email addresses.
  - Gets information from Active Directory for internal addresses
  - Gets the _domain-squatting_ reputation for external addresses.
  - Uses the Active Directory v2 integration.
- __Endpoint Enrichment - Cylance Protect v2__
Enrich endpoints using the Cylance Protect v2 integration.
- __Endpoint Enrichment - Generic v2__
Enriches endpoints using relevant v2 integrations.


#### 4 Improved Playbooks
- __Account Enrichment - Generic__
Added support for the Active Directory Query v2 integration.
- __Entity Enrichment - Generic v2__
The playbook now uses the v2.1 enrichment playbooks, which utilize v2 integrations.
- __Phishing Investigation - Generic v2__
The playbook now uses Entity Enrichment - Phishing v2, as expected.
- __Entity Enrichment - Phishing v2__
The playbook now uses the v2.1 enrichment playbooks, which utilize v2 integrations. 
---
### Incident Fields
Added a new incident field for GDPR Data Breach incidents.

---
### Incident Layouts

####  1 New Incident Layout
- __GDPR Data Breach__
GDPR Data Breach Incident.