## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.6.0 (24157)
##### Published on 11 June 2019
### Integrations

####  6 New Integrations
- __BeyondTrust Password Safe__
Unified password and session management for seamless accountability and control over privileged accounts.
- __CheckPhish__
Check any URL to detect suspicious behavior.
- __GitHub__
Use the GitHub integration to utilize the GitHub API.
- __Ipstack__
One of the leading IP to geolocation APIs and global IP database services.
- __Looker__
Use the Looker integration to query an explore, save queries as looks, run looks, and fetch look results as incidents.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Management__
Use the Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Management integration to manage and edit files located on a remote web server via SSH using integration context as single source of truth.

####  8 Improved Integrations
- __Fidelis Elevate Network__
Logout errors are now ignored.
- __Palo Alto Networks WildFire v2__
Fixed an issue with evidence data in reports.
- __VMRay__
Improved overall implementation of the integration.
- __AlienVault OTX__
Fixed the ___url___  command to extract the base URL, and return a readable error in case of failure.
- __Attivo Botsink__
  - Fixed a duplication issue in the ___fetch-incidents___ command.
  - Improved error handling.
- __FortiGate__
Improved the ___fortigate-update-policy___ command, which now retains existing data.
- __LogRhythm__
  - Added several new commands.
    - ___lr-execute-query___
    - ___lr-get-hosts-by-entity___
    - ___lr-add-host___
  - Added the _LastHour_ option to the __time_frame__ argument.
- __Rasterize__
  - By default, the _Return errors_ parameter is set to false.
  - Improved error messages.

#### Deprecated Integration
- __Cymon__
Cymon was discontinued as of April 30, 2019.

---
### Scripts

####  New Script
- __FormattedDateToEpoch__
Converts a custom-formatted timestamp to UNIX epoch time. Use the script to convert custom time stamps to a Demisto date field.  The script uses the Python strptime format.  For more information, see the [Python documentation](https://docs.python.org/3.7/library/datetime.html#strftime-and-strptime-behavior). 


####  2 Improved Scripts
- __ReadPDFFileV2__
  - Added additional fields and field descriptions to the script output. 
  - Improved several output names, for example, PDF version was changed to PDFVersion.
- __IncidentAddSystem__
Added a new engine argument.

---
### Playbooks

####  New Playbook
- __Extract Indicators From File - Generic v2__
Extracts images and text from PDF files. Images are extracted using the Image OCR integration.

####  3 Improved Playbooks
- __WildFire - Detonate file__
Added supported for the __WildFire__ and __WildFire-v2__ integrations.
- __Extract Indicators From File - Generic__
Improved identification of Excel files.
- __Detonate File - VMRay__
Added the ___vmray-get-iocs___ and ___vmray-get-threat-indicators___ commands to the playbook.