## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.6.1 (24849)
##### Published on 25 June 2019
### Integrations

####  8 New Integrations
- __Anomali ThreatStream v2__
Use the Anomali ThreatStream integration to query and submit threats.
- __Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus v2__
Use the Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus v2 integration to access samples and session data.
- __BlueCat__
Use the BlueCat integration to enrich IP addresses and manage response policies.
- __Cloaken__
Use the Cloaken integration to unshorten URLs onsite using the power of a Tor proxy server to prevent leaking IP addresses to adversaries.
- __Cofense Triage__
Use the Cofense Triage integration to manage reports and attachments.
- __Intezer v2__
Use the Intezer v2 integration to detect and analyze malware, based on code reuse.
- __Perch__
Use the Perch integration to manage alerts, indicators, and communities.
- __ThreatX__
Use the ThreatX integration to automate enforcement and intel gathering actions.


####  13 Improved Integrations
- __ArcSight ESM v2__
Improved logging functionality.
- __EWS Mail Sender__
Improved handling of EWS concurrency limits.
- __Gmail__
Added proxy support.
- __ipstack__
Improved naming and descriptions.
- __Palo Alto Networks Cortex__
Added the Cortex XDR Analytics query type for fetch incidents.
- __Rasterize__
Improved error suppression.
- __McAfee ESM-v10__
  - Fixed an issue with the logout process. 
  - Added event information to fetched alarms.
- __Server Message Block (SMB)__
Added the _server IP/hostname_ and _NETBios (AD) name_ command arguments. They still exist as optional instance parameters.
- __IntSights__
Fixed an issue with fetching incidents.
- __Microsoft Graph Security__
Improved the flow for authenticating Demisto. You need to delete all current integration instances and configure new instances using the new authentication flow. For more information, see the [Microsoft Graph Security documenation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360009780133).
- __Microsoft Graph Mail__
Improved the flow for authenticating Demisto. You need to delete all current integration instances and configure new instances using the new authentication flow. For more information, see the [Microsoft Graph Mail documenation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360022521313).
- __Microsoft Graph User__
Improved the flow for authenticating Demisto. You need to delete all current integration instances and configure new instances using the new authentication flow. For more information, see the [Microsoft Graph User documenation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360022407333).
- __Microsoft Defender Advanced Threat Protection__
  - Improved the flow for authenticating Demisto. You need to delete all current integration instances and configure new instances using the new authentication flow. For more information, see the [Microsoft Defender Advanced Threat Protection documenation](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011926814).
  - Added three new commands:
    - ___microsoft-atp-advanced-hunting___: Run advanced queries as you would using the ATP portal.
    - ___microsoft-atp-create-alert___: Create a new alert entity using event data, obtained from the Advanced Hunting.
    - ___microsoft-atp-get-alert-related-user___: Retrieves the user associated with a specific alert.

---
### Scripts

####  7 New Scripts
- __CheckEmailAuthenticity__
Checks email authenticity based on the email's SPF, DMARC, and DKIM.
- __D2Remove__
Removes the Demisto D2 agent from the system using the ___d2_remove___ command.
- __FindSimilarIncidents__
Identifies similar incidents by common incident keys, labels, custom fields, or context keys.
- __IntezerScanHost__
Scans the Intezer host.
- __Ping__
Pings an IP address or URL to verify that it is active.
- __GenerateSummaryReports__
Generates report summaries for the specified incidents.
- __IntezerRunScanner__
Runs the Intezer Endpoint Analysis Scanner.

---
### Playbooks

####  7 New Playbooks
- __Detonate File - ThreatStream__
Detonates one or more files using the __Anomali ThreatStream v2__ integration. This playbook returns relevant reports to the War Room, and file reputations to the context data.
- __Detonate URL - ThreatStream__
Detonates one or more URLs using the __Anomali ThreatStream v2__ sandbox integration.
Returns relevant reports to the War Room and URL reputations to the context data.
- __Intezer - Analyze Uploaded file__
Uploads a file to Intezer Analyze for analysis and enriches the file reputation.
- __Intezer - Analyze by hash__
Analyzes the given file hash on Intezer Analyze and enriches the file reputation. Supports SHA256, SHA1, and MD5.
- __Intezer - scan host__
Uses Demisto D2 agent to scan a host using Intezer scanner.
- __Send Investigation Summary Reports__
This playbook iterates over closed incidents, then generates a summary report for each closed incident, and emails the reports to specified users.
- __Send Investigation Summary Reports Job__
This playbook calls the sub-playbook, "Send Investigation Summary Reports", and closes the incident. By default, the playbook will search all incidents closed within the last hour. This playbook should run as a scheduled job, at an interval of once every 15 minutes. 

####  2 Improved Playbooks
- __Extract Indicators From File - Generic__
File info data is ignored when checking Word documents.
- __Extract Indicators From File - Generic v2__
File info data is ignored when checking Word documents.