## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.7.2 (26095)
##### Published on 23 July 2019
### Integrations

####  6 New Integrations
- __Cisco ISE__
Use the Cisco ISE integration to get endpoint data,  and to manage and update endpoints and ANC policies.
- __Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response__
Use the Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR integration to get a list of incidents and detailed incident data, and to update incident fields.
- __Proofpoint TAP v2__
Use the Proofpoint Targeted Attack Protection (TAP) integration to protect against and provide additional visibility into phishing and other malicious email attacks.
- __URLhaus__
Use the URLhaus integration to get information about URLs and domains, and to download malware samples.
- __Atlassian Confluence Server__
Use the Atlassian Confluence Server API integration to manage your Confluence spaces and content.
- __VulnDB__
Use the VulnDB integration to get information about vulnerabilities for various products, including operating systems, applications, and so on.

####  18 Improved Integrations
- __Cisco AMP__
  - Changed the name of the *Credential* parameter to *Client ID*.
  - Added information in the Detailed Description section on how to generate a Client ID and API Key.
- __MaxMind GeoIP2__
The ***Trust any certificate*** parameter now works as expected.
- __Rapid7 Nexpose__
 Fixed an issue in the ***nexpose-get-asset*** command in which the command fails to handle dates without milliseconds.
- __SumoLogic__
Fixed an issue with fetching incidents by adding the *timeZone* parameter.
- __LogRhythmRest__
Added 5 new commands.
  - ***lr-get-hosts***
  - ***lr-get-alarm-data***
  - ***lr-get-alarm-events***
  - ***lr-get-networks***
  - ***lr-get-persons***
- __Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection__
Improved handling of cases when the *isAadJoined* key is missing from API responses.
- __Netcraft__
Fixed an issue in the ***netcraft-report-attack*** command.
- __Google Vault__
  - Improved error handling.
  - Added support for new integration parameters.
    - *Use system proxy settings*
    - *Trust any certificate*
- __Zendesk__
  - Attachments are now visible in context when you run the ***zendesk-ticket-details*** command.
  - Added a test playbook.
- __CVE Search__
Fixed an issue in which *UserAgent* was not present in the request.
- __Cisco Umbrella Investigate__
The *Trust any certificate* parameter now works as expected.
- __Atlassian Jira (v2)__
Fixed an issue when fetching incidents in which multiple incidents with the same ticket ID were fetched.
- __EWS Mail Sender__
Added support for embedding inline images in emails.
- __MISP V2__
  Added 4 new commands.
    - ***misp-add-events-from-feed***
    - ***misp-add-ip-object commands***
    - ***misp-add-domain-object commands***
    - ***misp-add-email-object commands***
    - ***misp-add-generic-object commands***
- __Vertica__
Improved connection failure logging.
- __urlscan.io__
  - Screenshots are now fetched when the *Trust any certificate* parameter is selected.
  - The *Trust any certificate* parameter now works as expected.
- __CrowdStrike Falcon Sandbox__
  - Fixed DBot score mapping.
  - Fixed an issue in which an indicator was undefined in DBot context.
- __Okta__
Fixed an issue in which filters were double encoded, and results are now returned according to the specified filter, as expected.

---
### Scripts

####  New Script
- __XDRSyncScript__
This script compares between Demisto incidents and incidents in Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR, and updates both incidents mutually. This script always uses the ***xdr-get-incident-extra-data*** command, and outputs to the entire incident JSON to context. If the incident was updated in Cortex XDR, the Demisto incident will be updated accordingly, and the playbook will rerun. If the incident is updated in Demisto, then the script will execute the ***xdr-update-incident*** command and update the incident in Cortex XDR.

####  Improved Script
- __FindSimilarIncidents__
Improved wording in the script.

---
### Playbooks


####  Improved Playbook
- __Process Email - Generic__
Fixed an issue in which the script rendered an image when there is no HTML in the email.