## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.7.1 (25540)
##### Published on 11 July 2019
### Integrations

####  New Integration
- __Perception Point__
Use the Perception Point integration to load incidents from Perception Point and release falsely quarantined emails.

####  12 Improved Integrations
- __Mail Sender (New)__
  - Added support for internationalized headers. 
  - Fixed an issue with new lines in the message subject.
- __RTIR__  
Added the ***Referer*** parameter (optional), which adds a referer header to the requests sent by the integration.
- __Have I Been Pwned?__  
Fixed an issue in which the compromised email reason displays as *domain* instead of *title*. 
- __LogRhythm__  
Improved handling of the ***lr-get-alarm-events-by-id*** command when there are no events for the alarm.
- __RSA NetWitness Packets and Logs__  
Improved error message handling.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Management__
  - Improved error handling for non-existent files and lists.
  - Fixed an issue when exporting the integration context list to a file.
- __Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus V2__  
Improved command and argument descriptions.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__
  - Fixed an issue in which address groups and addresses failed to be listed when only one object was present.
  - Added the following commands, which accomplish the use case of investigating traffic logs.
    - ***panorama-query-traffic-logs***
    - ***panorama-check-traffic-logs-status***
    - ***panorama-get-traffic-logs***
- __Gmail__  
Added the ability to disable SSL verification.
- __CrowdStrike Falcon Intel__
  - Fixed an issue with converting dates to epoch in the __cs-reports__ command.
  - Fixed an issue in which domain names were entered as values in the *campaign_name* argument for enrichment commands.
  - Added support to not auto-enrich indicators for War Room entries.
- __McAfee ESM v10 and v11__
  - Added support for version 11.1.
  - Fixed an issue with error handling messages.
- __Carbon Black Enterprise Response__  
Fixed an issue when using an MD5 hash to query in the ***get-processes*** command.

---
### Scripts

####  2 Improved Scripts
- __HTTPListRedirects__  
Added the *trust_any_certificate* and *use_system_proxy* options.
- __StripChars__  
Fixed descriptions for the automation and arguments.

---
### Playbooks

####  2 New Playbooks
- __PanoramaQueryTrafficLogs__  
Queries traffic logs in a Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS Panorama device or Firewall device.
- __Detonate URL - WildFire-v2__  
Detonates a webpage or a remote file using the Palo Alto Networks WildFire integration. This playbook returns relevant reports to the War Room and file reputations to the context data.

####  4 Improved Playbooks
- __Dedup - Generic__  
Improved argument descriptions.
- __PanoramaCommitConfiguration__  
Improved playbook task names.
- __GenericPolling__  
Improved the tooltip for the *dt* argument.
- __Endpoint Enrichment - Cylance Protect v2__  
Fixed an issue in which the playbook fails if there is not an instance of the __Cylance Protect v2__ integration enabled.

---
### Incident Fields
- Added the _SSDeep Hash Indicator_ field.
- Updated the _Indicator Associated File Names_ field. 

---
### Reputations
- Added support for the equals sign (=) in the email indicator.
- Updated file reputations.