## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.8.0 (26837)
##### Published on 06 August 2019
### Integrations

####  3 New Integrations
- __Cofense Intelligence__
Use the Cofense Intelligence integration to check the reputation of URLs, IP addresses, file hashes, and email addresses.
- __Uptycs__
Use the Uptycs integration to fetch data from the Uptycs database.
- __AWS - Lambda__
Amazon Web Services Serverless Compute service (lambda).

####  19 Improved Integrations
- __IBM QRadar__
  * Fixed an issue in which the fetch incidents function would fail when there were non-ASCII characters in the data.
  * Fixed an issue in which the fetch incidents function would ignore the filter if the maximum number of offenses set in the instance configuration were fetched in a single fetch.
  * Improved error messages for fetch-incidents.
  * Added the *Required Permissions* information in the detailed description section.
- __Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response__
Added instructions in the integration instance Detailed Description section how to generate an API Key, API Key ID, and how to copy the integration URL.
- __Whois__  
Added support for Socks and HTTP Connect proxy.
- __Anomali ThreatStream v2__  
Fixed an issue with the *description* argument in the ***threatstream-create-model*** command.
- __EWS v2__
  - Improved memory resource usage.
  - Added the ***ews-mark-items-as-read*** command.
  - Added the *Mark fetched emails as read* parameter to the integration instance configuration. 
  - Improved integration documentation.
- __SNDBOX__  
  * Fixed an issue with command mapping in which some commands were were not called correctly.
  * Deprecated the ***detonate-file*** function.
- __VirusTotal__  
Updated outputs with new indicator fields.
- __WhatIsMyBrowser__  
The *Trust any certificate* parameter now works as expected.
- __PhishLabs IOC__  
Fixed an issue with the **updatedAt** field.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Management__  
Added the ***pan-os-edl-get-external-file-metadata*** command.
When a non-existent list is specified in the ***pan-os-edl-update-from-external-file*** command, the list is automatically created and the file data is saved to the list.
- __Fidelis Elevate Network__  
Added 5 new commands.
  - ***list-metadata*** 
  - ***get-alert-by-uuid***
  - ***list-alert-by-ip***
  - ***download-malware-file***
  - ***download-pcap-file***
- __Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus V2__
  - Added to context the status of commands with the following prefixes: ***autofocus-samples-search***, ***autofocus-sessions-search***, and ***autofocus-top-tags***.
  - Improved error handling for cases of no report in the ***autofocus-sample-analysis*** command.
  - Improved error handling for retrieving a pending query in the ***autofocus-samples-search-results*** command.
- __Imperva Skyfence__  
Improved descriptions and integration documentation.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__  
  - Improved error handling for URL filtering licensing.
  - Improved error handling when trying to edit an uncommitted Custom URL category.
  - Added the ***panorama-list-rules*** command.
  - Added *edl* as an option for the *object_type* argument in the ***panorama-custom-block-rule*** command.
- __Proofpoint TAP v2__  
 Modified the fetch range for the first fetch to 1 hour (the Proofpoint TAP API maximum).
- __Active Directory Query v2__  
  - The default query now works as expected.
  - The *dn* argument now works as expected.
  - Added support for custom SSL certificates, by using the Docker environment variable: SSL_CERT_FILE. 
- __McAfee ePO__  
Added the ***epo-move-system*** command.
- __SentinelOne V2__  
Added 3 commands.
  - ***sentinelone-disconnect-agent***
  - ***sentinelone-connect-agent***
  - ***sentinelone-broadcast-message***.
- __Awake Security__  
The ***Trust any certificate*** parameter now works as expected.
- __Cylance Protect v2__  
  - Improved handling of error messages.
  - Improved logging functionality.
  - Added the ***Trust any certificate*** parameter.

#### Deprecated Integration
- __Phishme Intelligence__  
Deprecated. Use the Cofense Intelligence integration instead.

---
### Scripts

####  2 Improved Scripts
- __StixParser__
  - Fixed an issue in which an unknown STIX pattern corrupts script presentation.
  - Fixed an issue in which duplicate indicators were created.
- __ParseEmailFiles__  
  - Added support for EML file attachments with a generic "data" type.
  - Added support for smime signed EML file attachments.

#### Deprecated Script
- __CBSearch__  
Deprecated. Use the ***cb-binary*** command and the ***cb-get-processes*** command instead.

---
### Playbooks

####  2 New Playbooks
- __Uptycs - Bad IP Incident__  
Gets information about processes that open connections to known bad IPs.
- __Uptycs - Outbound Connection to Threat IOC Incident__  
Get information about connections from IOC incidents.

####  Improved Playbooks
- __Process Email - Generic__  
Added support for EML file attachments with a generic "data" type.