## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 19.8.2 (27827)
##### Published on 22 August 2019
### Integrations


#### 4 New Integrations
- __Have I Been Pwned? v2__
  - Replaces the now deprecated __Have I Been Pwned?__ integration. This integration is not backward compatible. You need to delete all existing instances and replace with v2 instances.
  - Added the _API Key_ parameter to instance configuration.
  - Written in Python.
- __Slack v2 (Requires Demisto 5.0) *__
Use the Slack v2 integration to send messages and notifications to channels and in direct messages, and to mirror investigations between Demisto and Slack.
- __Microsoft Teams (Requires Demisto 5.0) *__
Use the Microsft Teams integration to send messages and notifications to your team members, and to mirror investigations between Demisto and Teams.
- __C2SEC (Requires Demisto 5.0) *__
Use the C2SEC integration to add new domains to a portfolio, initiate domain scans, retrieve the stats of a scan, query for domain issues, and retrieve information about leaked credentials, encryption, network and application related vulnerabilities.
 
####  16 Improved Integrations
- __IBM QRadar__  
Fixed an issue in which users would receive an error message for missing SEC headers.
- __Mail Sender (New)__  
Added the *additionalHeader* argument, which enables you to add custom headers to an email.
- __Cisco AMP__
  - Improved integration documentation.
  - Changed the name of the ***amp_get_computer_trajctory*** command to ***amp_get_computer_trajectory***.
  - Changed the name of the ***mp_get_computer_actvity*** command to ***mp_get_computer_activity***.
- __BlueCat Address Manager__
  - Added the ***bluecat-am-get-range-by-ip*** command.
  - Improved handling of cases in which an error is returned from querying a non-existing IP address.
- __Anomali ThreatStream__  
Improved implementation of the ***threatstream-email-reputation*** command, which now returns context, as expected.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__  
Improved error handling when refreshing an EDL object on a Panorama instance.
- __Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection__  
Improved error messages.
- __IntSights__  
Changed the default encoding to UTF-8.
- __dnstwist__  
  - Added outputs to the ***dnstwist-domain-variations*** command. 
  - Improved integration documentation.
- __EWS Mail Sender__
  - Improved memory resource usage.
  - Improved logging.
- __SentinelOne V2__  
Added 5 commands.
  - ***sentinelone-get-events***
  - ***sentinelone-create-query***
  - ***sentinelone-get-processes***
  - ***sentinelone-shutdown-agent***
  - ***sentinelone-uninstall-agent***
Fixed the *agentIds* filter in the ***get-activities*** command.
- __Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus V2__  
  - Added *tagGroups* output to ***autofocus-samples-search-results*** command.
  - Improved handling of cases in which unknown tags are retrieved from the ***autofocus-tag-details*** command.
- __VirusTotal__  
Added the VirusTotal permanent link to the following commands. 
  - ***url***
  - ***file***
  - ***url-scan***
  - ***file-scan***
  - ***file-rescan***
- __ThreatConnect__  
Added 8 new commands.
  - ***tc-get-groups***
  - ***tc-add-group-security-label***
  - ***tc-add-group-tag***
  - ***tc-get-indicator-types***
  - ***tc-group-associate-indicator***
  - ***tc-get-events***
  - ***tc-add-group-attribute***
  - ***tc-create-document-group***
- __Atlassian Jira (v2)__  
Added support for remote application links.
- __RSA NetWitness v11.1__  
Added the *fetch_time* parameter.

#### Deprecated Integration
- Have I Been Pwned?

---
### Scripts

####  4 New Scripts
- __SumList__  
Sums the values of a list. For example, ["25", "10", "25"] =>  "60".
- __IndicatorRelatedIncientBySeverity__
Displays a bar chart of the severity of the provided investigation IDs.
- __NumberOfPhishingAttemptPerUser__
Displays a bar chart of the number of incidents in which the "To" and "From" email addresses appear.
- __PositiveDetectionsVSDetectionEngine__
Displays a bar chart of the number of positive detections out of the overall detections.


####  6 Improved Scripts
- __StixParser__  
  - Added the CVE and Registry Key indicators.
  - Fixed the wrong format ***ip*** field.
- __JSONFileToCSV__
   - Fixed an issue in error handling.
   - Fixed csv delimiter behavior.
- __EmailDomainSquattingReputation__  
Added support for domain arrays as a parameter, including empty domains.
- __ParseCSV__  
Fixed an issue in which parsing single-line CSV files returned a **No entries** message.
- __CommonServerPython__  
Added the ***return_warning*** command.
- __ParseEmailFiles__  
Fixed an issue in which special characters were missing from MSG emails.

---
### Playbooks

#### New Playbook
- __C2SEC-Domain Scan__
Initiates a C2SEC scan by domain name, and waits for the scan to finish by polling the scan status in predefined intervals.

####  Improved Playbook
- __Email Address Enrichment - Generic v2.1__  
Fixed an issue in which a filter contained blank domains.


---
### Reputations
- Added support for non-English languages.
- Created the new File indicator type. This indicator consolidates all file hashes: MD5, SHA1, SHA256. __(Available from Demisto 5.0 *)__
- Added support for asterisk, pipeline, and different dashes in domain and URL indicators.

---
### Layouts
Added layouts for the following indicator types. __(Available from Demisto 5.0 *)__
  - Account
  - Host
  - CVE
  - Domain
  - Domain2
  - Email
  - ipEscaped
  - IP
  - registryKey
  - unifiedFile
  - URL

---
 &ast; Starred content requires Demisto 5.0, which is available for private beta evaluation. For more information, send a message to beta@demisto.com