## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 20.1.0 (37812)
##### Published on 07 January 2020
#### *Notice*: Breaking Change
This content update renames the incident field **Account** to  **Account Name**. This change affects backward compatibility if the field was already implemented in custom content artifacts.
### Integrations

####  12 Improved Integrations
- __Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus V2__  
Improved error handling for the reputation commands.
  - ***ip***
  - ***domain***
  - ***file***
  - ***url***
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__
  - Fixed an issue when trying to download a threat-pcap without the required arguments.
  - Improved the error message when trying to download PCAPs from a Panorama instance.
  - You can now specify multiple values (list) for the *source*, *destination*, and *application* arguments in the following commands. 
      - ***panorama-create-rule***
      - ***panorama-custom-block-rule***
      - ***panorama-edit-rule***
  - Added 4 commands.
    - ***panorama-list-static-routes***
    - ***panorama-get-static-route***
    - ***panorama-add-static-route***
    - ***panorama-delete-static-route***
  - Fixed an issue in the ***panorama-list-pcaps*** command when there are no PCAPs in PAN-OS.
- __SplunkPy__  
Fixed an issue with access to a non-existing key when fetching non-ES events.
- __Carbon Black Enterprise Response__  
Added the *Maximum number of incidents to fetch* parameter, which specifies the maximum number of incidents to create per fetch.
- __Cybereason__  
Fixed an issue where the ***cybereason-query-file*** command did not pull specific hashes.
- __Zendesk__  
Added the *check_if_user_exists* argument to the ***zendesk-add-user*** command, which checks if the user already exists in the system. If set to "True" and the user exists, an error is thrown.
- __IBM QRadar__  
Fixed an issue with ***fetch-incidents*** that truncated the incident name when the description included new lines (line breaks).
- __Gmail__  
  - You can now run the following commands against user accounts when you have admin credentials.
    - ***gmail-delegate-user-mailbox***
    - ***gmail-set-autoreply***
- __ThreatQ v2__  
  - Added the ***threatq-advanced-search*** command, which runs an advanced indicator search.
  - Added TLP values to indicator outputs.
- __Google Vault__  
Added support for group email (in addition to accountID) for the ***gvault-create-hold*** command.
- __EWS Mail Sender__  
Fixed an issue with email subject unicode for the ***send-mail*** command.
- __Palo Alto Networks WildFire v2__  
 Fixed an issue WHERE the ***wildfire-report*** command did not return outputs for non-malicious URLs.

---
### Scripts

####  3 New Scripts
- __ProductJoin__  
This script takes two lists, joined by a separator, and returns a list of strings.
- __DemistoVersion__  
Returns the Demisto server version.
- __DockerHardeningCheck__  
Checks if the Docker container running this script has been hardened according to the recommended settings. For more information, see the [Docker Hardening Guide](https://support.demisto.com/hc/en-us/articles/360040922194).

####  6 Improved Scripts
- __ConvertFile__  
Fixed an issue where child processes were defunct after converting PDF files to HTML.
- __StixParser__  
Removed ***firstSeen*** as qualifier for STIX 2 object.
- __SetIfEmpty__  
Fixed an issue where the transformer would fail when applied to a number field.
- __Set__  
Added the *stringify* argument, which enables you to save numbers as strings.
- __RepopulateFiles__  
Fixed an issue in which the script took all of the last entries and not only the attachments. This resulted in reaching the page limit of 1,000 entries and causing suboptimal performance.
- __CommonServerPython__
  - Added the ***argToBoolean*** command, which accepts an input value of type string or boolean and converts it to boolean.
  - Added the ***batch*** command, which accepts an iterable and specifies how many items to return, and yields batches of that size.

---
### Playbooks

####  8 New Playbooks
- __PAN-OS - Delete Static Routes__
This playbook deletes a PAN-OS static route from the PAN-OS instance.
- __PAN-OS - Add Static Routes__
This playbook accepts a PAN-OS static route configuration and creates it in the PAN-OS instance.
- __Employee Offboarding - Gather User Information__
This playbook gathers user information as part of the IT - Employee Offboarding.
- __Employee Offboarding -Delegate__
This playbook delegates user resources and permissions as part of the IT - Employee Offboarding playbook.
- __Employee Offboarding - Revoke Permissions__
This playbook revokes user permissions as part of the IT - Employee Offboarding.
- __Employee Offboarding - Retain & Delete__
This playbook performs retention and deletion of user information as part of the IT - Employee Offboarding playbook.
- __IT - Employee Offboarding__
This playbook offboards company employees to maintain organizational security.
- __IT - Employee Offboarding - Manual__
This playbook provides a manual alternative to the IT - Employee Offboarding playbook.

####  2 Improved Playbooks
- __Convert file hash to corresponding hashes__
  - Fixed an issue in which converting a file hash to corresponding hashes failed.
  - Streamlined playbook structure by removing set tasks.
- __Active Directory - Get User Manager Details__  
Fixed an issue where the display name of the original user was returned in addition to the manager's display name.

---
### Incident Fields
Replaced the *Account* field with the *Account Name* field. 

**Note**: This will affect backward compatibility if the field was already implemented in any content artifacts.

#### New 20 Incident Fields
- __Active Directory - Account Status__
- __Active Directory - Display Name__
- __Active Directory - Password Status__
- __Company Property Status__
- __GSuite - Device Account Status__
- __Google Account Status__
- __Google Admin Roles Status__
- __Google Display Name__
- __Google Drive Status__
- __Google Mail Status__
- __Google Password Status__
- __Duo Account Status__
- __Email Auto Reply__
- __Mailbox Delegation__
- __Employee Display Name__
- __Employee Email__
- __Employee Manager Email__
- __Global Directory Visibility__
- __Offboarding Stage__
- __Okta Account Status__

---
### Incident Layouts

#### New 2 Incident Layouts
- __Employee Offboarding - Details__
- __Employee Offboarding - New__

####  Improved Incident Layout
- __Prisma Cloud - Summary__  
Replaced the *Account* field with the *Account Name* field.

---
### Incident Types

####  New Incident Type
- __Employee Offboarding__

---
### Classification & Mapping

####  2 Improved Classification & Mapping
- __prismaCloud_app__  
Replaced the *Account* field with the *Account Name* field.
- __RedLock__  
Replaced the *Account* field with the *Account Name* field.