## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 20.1.2 (38873)
##### Published on 21 January 2020
### Integrations

####  5 New Integrations
- __Securonix__  
Use the Securonix integration to manage incidents and watchlists.
- __Digital Defense Frontline VM__  
Use the Digital Defense Frontline VM to identify and evaluate the security and business risks of network devices and applications deployed as premise, cloud, or hybrid network-based implementations.
- __BPA__  
Use the Palo Alto Networks Best Practice Assessment (BPA) integration to analyze NGFW and Panorama configurations and compare them to the best practices.
- __Google Cloud Translate__  
Use the Google Cloud Translate integration to translate text to supported languages.
- __Kenna v2__  
Use the Kenna v2 integration to search and update vulnerabilities, schedule a run connector, and manage tags and attributes.

####  12 Improved Integrations
- __Active Directory Query v2__  
  Added 2 commands.
  - ***ad-create-group***
  - ***ad-delete-group***
- __SplunkPy__  
Added the ***splunk-submit-event-hec*** command.
- __Atlassian Jira (v2)__  
  - Fixed the description of the *reporter* argument in the ***jira-create-issue*** command.
  - Fixed an issue where an error was raised when trying to fetch incidents and the *idOffset* was not configured.
- __Palo Alto Networks MineMeld__  
Added the *type* argument, which specifies the indicator type, to the following commands.
    - ***minemeld-add-to-miner***
    - ***minemeld-remove-from-miner***
- __Microsoft Graph Mail__  
Added support to authenticate using a self-deployed Azure application.
- __IntSights__  
  - Improved logging for fetch_incidents.
  - Improved error handling.
- __AttackIQ Platform__  
 Added 4 commands.
  - ***attackiq-list-assessment-templates***
  - ***attackiq-list-assets***
  - ***attackiq-create-assessment***
  - ***attackiq-add-assets-to-assessment***
- __Palo Alto Networks Traps__  
Fixed an issue where running a scan on an endpoint failed but the War Room entry displayed a success message.
- __IBM QRadar__  
Added the *Full Incident Enrichment* instance parameter. Clear this checkbox to disable QRadar offense enrichment performed in fetch-incidents. This might help if you encounter a timeout while fetching new incidents.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__  
Fixed an issue where trying to download a filter-pcap with the necessary arguments did not return the correct results.
- __Microsoft Teams__  
  - Added the ability to mention users in the ***send-notification*** command.
  - Added 2 commands.
    - ***add-user-to-channel***
    - ***create-channel***
- __Microsoft Graph Mail Single User__  
Added support to authenticate using a self-deployed Azure application.

#### 1 Deprecated Integration
- __Kenna__  
Use the Kenna v2 integration instead.

---
### Scripts

####  3 New Scripts
- __SetAndHandleEmpty__  
Checks if a specified item was returned in the search results. If the item was returned, they are set in Context. Otherwise, no value is set.
- __GetValuesOfMultipleFields__  
Receives a list of fields and a context key base path. For example, Key=demisto.result List=username,user and will get all of the values from demisto.result.username and demisto.result.user. The *Get* field of the task must have the value $\{.=[]}.
- __MicrosoftApiModule__  
Common Microsoft code that will be appended into each Microsoft integration when it's deployed.

####  6 Improved Scripts
- __FindSimilarIncidents__
Shortened the query time range to improve index usage.
- __IsIPInRanges__  
Added two non-routable IP address ranges.
  - 127.0.0.0/8 (localhost)
  - 169.254.0.0(apipa)
- __DBotTrainTextClassifierV2__  
Added error messages for cases when the total number of incidents is less than the default threshold.
- __DBotPredictPhishingWords__  
Added the *emailBodyHTML* argument, which enables you to pass the raw HTML of the email body.
- __SetIfEmpty__  
  - Added support for unicode default values.
  - Consider "None" string as empty.
- __PositiveDetectionsVSDetectionEngines__  
Fixed an issue where the script displayed error messages when required fields were not supplied.

---
### Playbooks

####  8 New Playbooks
- __QRadar Indicator Hunting V2__  
Queries QRadar SIEM for indicators such as file hashes, IP addresses, domains, and URLs.
- __Digital Defense FrontlineVM - Scan Asset Not Recently Scanned__  
Pulls the IP address from the details value of an incident and checks if that asset has been scanned within the past 60 days. If not, then it will prompt to perform a scan on the asset.
- __Run Panorama Best Practice Assessment__  
Runs Palo Alto Best Practice Assessment checks for a Panorama instance.
- __Digital Defense FrontlineVM - PAN-OS block assets__  
Pulls Panorama queried threat logs and checks for any correlating assets that are found to have a minimum number of high level vulnerabilities. If so, it will block the the IP address using the Panorama PAN-OS - Block IP and URL - External Dynamic List playbook.
- __Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS EC2 Security Group Misconfiguration__  
Remediates the Prisma Cloud AWS EC2 alerts generated by the following policies.
  - AWS Default Security Group Does Not Restrict All Traffic.
  - AWS Security Groups Allow Internet Traffic.
  - AWS Security Groups With Inbound Rule Overly Permissive To All Traffic.
- __PANW - Hunting and threat detection by indicator type V2__  
This is a multipurpose playbook used for hunting and threat detection. The playbook receives inputs based on hashes, IP addresses, or domain names. The inputs can be provided manually or taken from the outputs of other playbooks.
The playbook leverages Palo Alto Cortex data received by products such as Traps, Analytics, and Pan-OS to search for IP addresses and hosts related to that specific hash. The playbook output facilitates pivoting searches for possibly affected hosts, IP addresses, or users.
- __Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS EC2 Instance Misconfiguration__  
Remediates Prisma Cloud AWS EC2 alerts and utilizes a number of sub-playbooks that manage EC2 policies.
  
- __Digital Defense FrontlineVM - Old Vulnerabilities Found__  
Queries the Frontline.Cloud active view for any critical vulnerabilities found that are older than 90 days.

####  4 Improved Playbooks
- __PAN-OS - Block IP and URL - External Dynamic List__    
Fixed an issue with EDL refresh for Panorama.
- __Phishing Investigation - Generic v2__  
Added tasks that predict the phishing incident verdict when a phishing ML model exists. The verdict refers to the phishing category.
- __PAN-OS - Block Domain - External Dynamic List__  
Fixed an issue with EDL refresh for Panorama.
- __Intezer - scan host__  
Removed role requirements.

#### 2 Deprecated Playbooks
- __PANW - Hunting and threat detection by indicator type__  
Use the **PANW - Hunting and threat detection by indicator type V2** playbook instead.
- __QRadar Indicator Hunting__  
Use the **QRadar Indicator Hunting V2** playbook instead.

---
### Incident Fields
- __DBotTextSuggestionHighlighted__  
Indicates the words in the text that contributed to the decision made by the ML model.
- __DBotPrediction__  
The phishing sub-type verdict that was predicted by the ML model.
- __DBotPredictionProbability__  
The confidence level, presented as a value between 0 and 1, of the predicted phishing sub-type verdict by the machine-learning model. Associated to the *AWS IAM Policy Misconfiguration* incident type.


---
### Incident Layouts

####  New Incident Layouts
- __AWS IAM Policy Misconfiguration - Summary__
Associated to the *AWS IAM Policy Misconfiguration* incident type.

####  Improved Incident Layouts
- __Phishing - Summary__
Added the Machine Learning prediction section.

---
### Classification & Mapping

####  2 Improved Classification & Mapping
- __prismaCloud_app__
Added classification to the *AWS IAM Policy Misconfiguration* incident type.
- __RedLock__
Added classification to the *AWS IAM Policy Misconfiguration* incident type.