# Cortex XSOAR Content Release Notes for version 20.11.1 (196572)
##### Published on 22 November 2020

### Breaking Changes
Several packs include breaking changes.

- [CrowdStrike Malquery Pack v1.0.1](#crowdstrike-malquer-pack-v101)
- [PAN-OS Pack v1.6.6](#pan-os-pack-v166)
- [PassiveTotal Pack v2.0.5](#passivetotal-pack-v205-partner-supported)

### New: Asset Pack v1.0.0
#### Incident Fields
- **Asset Table**
A table view of all assets related to the offense.
- **Description - Asset**
The description of the asset.
- **ID - Asset**
The ID of the asset.
- **IP Address - Asset**
The IP address provided for the asset.
- **Location - Asset**
The location of the asset.
- **MAC Address - Asset**
The MAC address provided for the asset.
- **Switch ID - Asset**
The ID of the switch the the asset is connected to.
- **Switch Port ID - Asset**
The ID of the switch port for which the asset is connected to.


---

### New: Cisco ESA IronPort Email API Pack v1.0.0
#### Integrations
##### Cisco IronPort EMail API
Cisco ESA IronPort EMail API.


---

### New: CyberX - Central Manager Pack v1.0.0
#### Integrations
##### CyberX - Central Manager
Updates alerts in CyberX Central Management.


---

### New: FortiManager Pack v1.0.0
#### Integrations
##### FortiManager
FortiManager is a single console central management system that manages Fortinet devices.
#### Playbooks
##### FortiManager - Install Policy Package on Device
Install FortiManager firewall policy package on a given device.


---

### New: G Suite Admin Pack v1.0.0
#### Integrations
##### G Suite Admin
G Suite or Google Workspace Admin is an integration to perform an action on IT infrastructure, create users, update settings, and more administrative tasks.


---

### New: Generic Webhook Pack v1.0.0
#### Integrations
##### Generic Webhook
The Generic Webhook integration is used to create incidents on event triggers. The trigger can be any query posted to the integration.


---

### New: Google Calendar Pack v1.0.0
#### Integrations
##### Google Calendar
Google Calendar is a time-management and scheduling calendar service developed by Google. This integration helps you to perform various tasks on the access control list (ACL).


---

### New: Palo Alto Networks Enterprise DLP Contribution Pack Pack v1.0.0
#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks Enterprise DLP
Palo Alto Networks Enterprise DLP discovers and protects company data across every data channel and repository. Integrated Enterprise DLP enables data protection and compliance everywhere without complexity.


---

### New: Palo Alto Networks Threat Vault Pack v1.0.0
#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks Threat Vault
Use the Palo Alto Networks Threat Vault to research the latest threats (vulnerabilities/exploits, viruses, and spyware) that Palo Alto Networks next-generation firewalls can detect and prevent.
#### Playbooks
##### PANW Threat Vault - Signature Search
Initiates a Signature Search in Palo Alto Networks threat Vault.


---

### New: Rundeck Pack v1.0.0
#### Integrations
##### Rundeck
Rundeck is a runbook automation for incident management, business continuity, and self-service operations. |- The integration enables you to install software on a list of machines or perform a task periodically. Can be used when there is a new attack and you want to perform an update of the software to block the attack.
#### Playbooks
##### Rundeck-job-execute-Generic
This playbook executes a job and exits when it successfully finishes.


---

### New: Viper Pack v1.0.0
#### Integrations
##### Viper
Viper is a binary analysis and management framework. 


---

### AWS - CloudTrail Pack v1.0.4
#### Integrations
##### AWS - CloudTrail
- Fixed an issue where an error was raised if an event was missing some fields in the **aws-cloudtrail-lookup-events** command.
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/boto3:2.0.0.13676.

---

### AlienVault Feed Pack v1.0.7
#### Integrations
##### AlienVault OTX TAXII Feed
- Added the *First Fetch Time* to enable incremental fetch.
- Added the field *firstseenbysource* to fetched indicators.
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/taxii:1.0.0.12553.

---

### AlienVault USM Anywhere Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### AlienVault USM Anywhere
- Fixed an issue where the **alienvault-search-events** command did not return events.
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python3:3.8.6.13358.

---

### AlphaSOC Network Behavior Analytics Pack v1.0.1 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### AlphaSOC Network Behavior Analytics
Changed the default value for the Ignore events below severity parameter from 3 to 4.

---

### Anomali ThreatStream Pack v1.0.7
#### Integrations
##### Anomali ThreatStream v2
Fixed an issue where the **threatstream-get-indicators** command did not return more than 1000 indicators.

---

### ApiModules Pack v2.0.0
#### Scripts
##### CrowdStrikeApiModule
You can now use custom URLs using the *Server URL* integration parameter.

##### New: GSuiteApiModule
Common G Suite code that will be appended to each Google/GSuite integration when it is deployed.

---

### Atlassian Jira Pack v1.2.2
#### Integrations
##### Atlassian Jira v2
- Fixed an issue where the *reporter* argument referred to the reporter’s name and not his account ID in the **jira-create-issue** command.
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/oauthlib:1.0.0.13073.

---

### AutoFocus Pack v1.1.10
#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus v2
Fixed an issue where the **autofocus-sample-analysis** command would fail when some data is 'Not Available'.

---

### Azure Feed Pack v1.0.3
#### Integrations
##### Azure Feed
- Added Azure service in the Indicators field.
- Updated the Docker image to the latest version.

---

### Base Pack v1.3.40
#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython
- Removed log print of the object stored in the integration cache.
- Added support to **IgnoreAutoExtract** in the **CommandResults** object.
- Added a default value for the *url_suffix* argument in the **BaseClient** _http_request method.
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### GetIncidentsByQuery
Added support for wildcards in the incident types argument.

##### DBotMLFetchData
Updated support for custom phishing types in the incident fetch query.

##### DBotTrainTextClassifierV2
Updated calculation of *minimum precision* to be the minimum score of the precision per-class scores.

##### DBotPreProcessTextData
Removed log messages for texts that exceed the maximum allowed text length.

##### GetMLModelEvaluation
Merged the two result entries to a single entry.

##### DBotBuildPhishingClassifier
Added an enhancement to fetch only incidents of labels which are relevant for the model training.

---

### Bastille Networks Pack v1.0.2 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### Bastille Networks
- Documentation and metadata improvements.
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python3:3.8.6.12176.

---

### Bmc Helix Remedyforce Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### BMC Helix Remedyforce
- Added support for the *impact_id* argument in the **bmc-remedy-incident-create** and the **bmc-remedy-incident-update** commands.
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python3:3.8.6.13358.

---


### CVE Search Pack v1.0.3
#### Integrations
##### CVE Search v2
Updated the commands, **cve** and **cve-latest**, to return a different result for each indicator.

#### Scripts
##### cveReputation
Fixed an issue where the script returned DBotScore 3 when no CVE was found.

---

### Carbon Black Enterprise Live Response Pack v1.1.0
#### Integrations
##### VMware Carbon Black EDR (Live Response API)
- The ***cb-file-get*** command is not longer deprecated and is available for use.
- Added the *download* argument to the ***cb-get-file-from-endpoint*** command. If "true" will download the file from the CarbonBlack server. Default is "true". Set to false for large files.

#### Playbooks
##### New: Carbon Black Live Response - Download File
Download a file from a sensor.

##### New: Carbon Black Live Response - Wait Until Command Complete
Polling command status until finished with an error or complete.

##### New: Carbon Black Live Response - Create active session
Create an active session. If the active session already exists, will use the existing session.

---

### Chronicle Pack v1.1.3 (Partner Supported)
#### Incident Fields
- **Chronicle Last Seen**
- Last Seen

- **Chronicle IOC Ingest Time**
- IOC Ingest Time

- **Chronicle First Seen**
- Chronicle First Seen

- **Chronicle Domain Name**
- Chronicle Domain Name

- **Chronicle DBot Score**
- Chronicle DBot Score

- **Chronicle Auto Block Entities**
- Chronicle Auto Block Entities

#### Incident Types
- **Chronicle IOC Domain Matches**
- New Incident type as IOC Domain Matches

#### Indicator Fields
##### ChronicleAssetHostname
Hostname associated with the ChronicleAsset

##### ChronicleAssetIP
IP Address associated with the ChronicleAsset

##### ChronicleAssetMAC
MAC Address associated with the ChronicleAsset

##### ChronicleAssetProductID
Product ID associated with ChronicleAsset

#### Indicator Types
- **ChronicleAsset**
- Chronicle Asset Indicator Type

#### Integrations
##### Chronicle
Removed a redundant 'else'.

#### Layouts
- **layout-quickView-Chronicle_IOC_Domain_Matches.json**
- New Layout QuickView for Chronicle IOC Domain Matches

- **layout-mobile-Chronicle_IOC_Domain_Matches.json**
- New Mobile Layout for Chronicle IOC Domain Matches

- **layout-edit-Chronicle_IOC_Domain_Matches.json**
- New Edit Layout for Chronicle IOC Domain Matches

#### Playbook
##### Threat Hunting - Chronicle
- Use this playbook to investigate and remediate suspicious IOC domain matches with recent activity found in the enterprise. 
- This playbook also creates indicators for the entities fetched while investigating and enriches them.

##### Investigate On Bad Domain Matches - Chronicle
- Use this playbook to investigate and remediate Bad IOC domain matches with recent activity found in the enterprise. 
- With this playbook, you can notify the SOC lead and network team about the same.

#### Script
##### ExtractDomainFromIOCDomainMatchRes
Chronicle's IOC Domain Matches automation script

##### ConvertDomainToURLs
Converts Domain(s) into URL(s)

##### ChronicleDomainIntelligenceSourcesWidgetScript
A Widget script for Layout

##### ChronicleDBotScoreWidgetScript
A Widget script for Layout that shows DBot score into markdown format

##### ChronicleAssetIdentifierScript
Collect all asset identifiers - Hostname, IP address and MAC address in the
  context

##### ListDeviceEventsScript
List all of the events discovered within your enterprise on a particular device

##### ChronicleAsset
New Asset Type

---

### Cisco AMP Pack v1.1.0
#### Integrations
##### Cisco AMP
- Fixed an issue where commands would fail due to a syntax error caused while created their query parameters.
- Added the following commands.
  - ***amp_delete_computers_isolation***: Requests to unlock a computer.
  - ***amp_put_computers_isolation***: Requests to lock a computer.
  - ***amp_get_computers_isolation***: Returns the isolation status of a computer.

---

### Cisco Umbrella Investigate Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### Cisco Umbrella Investigate
Fixed an issue where the regex for email address validation in the ***umbrella-get-domains-for-email-registrar*** command did not work as intended.

---

### Cisco WebEx Feed Pack v1.1.1
#### Integrations
##### Cisco WebEx Feed
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.
- Upgraded the Docker image to `btfl-soup:1.0.1.12410`
- Removed duplicate parameter *Fetches Indicators* from the feed configuration.

#### Playbooks
##### New: Check WebEx Feed
- Playbook to check WebEx webpage is reachable and not creating any errors
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/btfl-soup:1.0.1.12768.

---

### Code42 Pack v2.0.7 (Partner Supported)
Documentation and metadata improvements.

---

### Common Scripts Pack v1.2.82
#### Scripts
##### New: OnionURLReputation
This script adds the reputation to Onion URL indicators. The script is automatically triggered when a Onion URL indicator is auto-extracted. For instance, if you run a Cortex XSOAR CLI on a valid Onion URL, the indicators are extracted automatically and this script is triggered for the extracted indicators.

##### ExtractIndicatorsFromWordFile
Fixed an issue where not all files were being able to get processed by the script.

##### ExtractDomainAndFQDNFromUrlAndEmail
Fixed an issue where the script recognized emails as a domains.

##### New: VerifyIPv6Indicator
- Formatting script for ipv6 to verify that the address is a valid IPv6 address.
- Removed the previous formatting script **UnEscapeIPv6Indicator**.

##### SearchIncidentsV2
- Fixed an issue where multiple context results were outputted for the same incident id.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.8.6.13358*.

##### DockerHardeningCheck
- Updated the description with an updated link to the Docker Hardening Guide.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.8.6.13358*.

##### ParseEmailFiles
Added support for ISO-8859 text in *smime.p7m* file type.

##### DeleteContext
Fixed an issue where all of the context data in the current sub-playbook wasn't deleted when `all` = `yes` and `subplaybook` = `yes`/`auto`.

---

### Common Types Pack v2.2.4
#### Incident Fields
- **Post Nat Destination IP**
- **Src Ports**
- **Start Time**
- **Source IPs**
- **Raw Event**
- **Destination IPs**
- **High Level Categories**
- **Post Nat Source Port**
- **Closing User**
- **Pre Nat Destination Port**
- **Close Time**
- **Post Nat Destination Port**
- **DNS Name**
- **Dst Ports**
- **Technical Owner**
- **Traffic Direction**
- **Post Nat Source IP**
- **Pre Nat Source IP**
- **Device Time**
- **Usernames**
- **Source IPV6**
- **Source MAC Address**
- **Destination Geolocation**
- **Source Geolocation**
- **Destination IPV6**
- **Pre Nat Source Port**
- **Technical User**
- **Technical Owner Contact**
- **Event Names**
- **Destination MAC Address**
- **Closing Reason**
- **Low Level Categories Events**
- **CVSS Collateral Damage Potential**
- **Number Of Log Sources**
- **Last Update Time**
- **CVSS Integrity Requirement**
- **CVSS Availability Requirement**
- **Events**
- **Log Source Type**
- **Protocol - Event**
- **Compliance Notes**
- **Category Count**
- **List Of Rules - Event**
- **Log Source Name**
- **CVSS Confidentiality Requirement**
- **Follow Up**
- **Event Descriptions**

#### Indicator Types
- **IPv6**
Changed the regex so that it will extract only the common shape addresses of IPv6.

---

### ConcentricAI Pack v1.0.1 (Partner Supported)
Documentation and metadata improvements.

---

### Coralogix Pack v1.0.2 (Partner Supported)
Documentation and metadata improvements.

---

### Cortex Data Lake Pack v1.2.8
#### Integrations
##### Cortex Data Lake
- Fixed an issue where **fetch-incidents** created duplicate incidents.
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python_pancloud_v2:1.0.0.13088.

---

### CrowdStrike Falcon Pack v1.2.8
#### Integrations
##### CrowdStrike Falcon
- Fixed an issue where the test module failed on authentication.
- Added support for running the ***cs-falcon-run-script*** command with a configurable timeout (in seconds), including a session refresh every 5 minutes.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.8.6.13358*.

---

### CrowdStrike Falcon Intel Pack v2.0.8
#### Integrations
##### CrowdStrike Falcon Intel v2
You can now use custom URLs using the *Server URL* integration parameter.

---

### CrowdStrike Falcon Sandbox Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### CrowdStrike Falcon Sandbox
- Fixed an issue where the **crowdstrike-result** command did not work in case the *file* argument was not provided.
- Updated the report data download endpoint as the previous one was deprecated.

---

### CrowdStrike Falcon Streaming Pack v1.0.12
#### Integrations
##### CrowdStrike Falcon Streaming v2
Fixed an issue in which the request to refresh the stream session was not sent properly.
General documentation improvements.

---

### CrowdStrike Malquery Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### CrowdStrike Malquery
**Breaking Change:** The ***file*** command was changed to return multiple entries (entry per indicator) instead of a single entry.

---

### Crowdstrike Falcon Intel Feed Pack v1.0.3
#### Integrations
##### Crowdstrike Falcon Intel Feed
Fixed a visual issue in the instance configuration.

---

### Cuckoo Sandbox Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### Cuckoo Sandbox
Updated the ***get-task-report*** command to include file information in context.

---

### CyberTotal Pack v1.0.3 (Partner Supported)
Documentation and metadata improvements.

---

### Cybereason Pack v1.0.5
#### Integrations
##### Cybereason
Improved handling of authorization errors.

---

### DomainTools Iris Pack v1.0.4 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### DomainTools Iris
- Added the *API URL* configuration parameter.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.8.6.12176*.

---

### EWS Pack v1.4.2
#### Integrations
##### EWS v2
- Added the *show_only_recipients* argument to the ***ews-o365-get-compliance-search*** command, which will return recipients to context.
- Added an error message when trying to pull incidents with an incorrect Exchange version.

---

### EWS Mail Sender Pack v1.1.0
#### Integrations
##### EWS Mail Sender
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/py2-exchangelib:1.0.0.13559*
- Added command - *reply-mail* which sends an email reply to a given message using EWS.

---

### Email Communication Pack v1.3.1
#### Classifiers
##### New: Gmail - Classifier - Email Communication
- Classifies Gmail email messages.

##### New: Gmail - Incoming Mapper - Email Communication
- Maps incoming Gmail email message fields.

##### New: EWS - Incoming Mapper - Email Communication
- Maps incoming EWS email message fields.

##### New: EWS - Classifier - Email Communication
- Classifies EWS email messages.

##### New: EWS v2
- Maps incoming EWS email message fields.

#### Layouts
- **Email Communication**
Changed original email details section to support email inline images.

#### Scripts
##### New: DisplayEmailHtml
- Displays the original email in HTML format.

##### DisplayEmailHtml
Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### PreprocessEmail
- You can now view inline images and attachments for Email Communication incidents.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.8.6.13358*.

##### SendEmailReply
- Updated the script to reply to a given email message instead of sending a new message.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.8.6.13358*.

---

### ExtFilter Pack v1.1.0
#### Playbooks
##### Modified: Test - ExtFilter Main
- Added examples for ExtFilter script additions.

#### Scripts
##### Modified: ExtFilter
- Added `switch-case` operator.
- Added `collects values` operator.
- Added `collects keys` operator.
- Added `flattens with values` operator.
- Added `flattens with keys` operator.

---

### F5 firewall Pack v1.2.0
#### Integrations
##### New: F5 Application Security Manager (WAF)
Use the F5 ASM integration to read information and to manage the F5 firewall.

---

### Farsight DNSDB Pack v2.1.1 (Partner Supported)
Documentation and metadata improvements.

---

### Gmail Pack v1.1.2
#### Integrations
##### Gmail
- Fixed an issue where the test-module didn't run properly with fetch incidents.
- Added the ***reply-mail*** command which sends an email reply to a given message using Gmail.
- Fixed the following issues in the ***send-mail*** command:
  - The *additionalHeader* argument was added to the request only if attachments were received.
  - Attachments were not attached correctly when both the *htmlBody* and *body* arguments were received.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/google-api:1.0.0.13775*.

---

### Humio Pack v1.0.2 (Partner Supported)
Documentation and metadata improvements.


---

### IBM QRadar Pack v1.2.1
#### Classifiers
##### New: QRadar - Generic Incoming Mapper
- Default Mapping for Qradar Offenses, Events, and Assets.

#### Incident Fields
- **Offense Inactive**
- **Severity - Offense**
- **Domain - Offense**
- **Destination Network - Offense**
- **Description - Offense**
- **Type - Offense**
- **Credibility - Offense**
- **Number Of Fetched Events**
- **Number Of Flows**
- **List of Rules - Offense**
- **Source IP - Offense**
- **Source Network - Offense**
- **Relevance - Offense**
- **Number Of Events In Offense**
- **ID - Offense**
- **Magnitude - Offense**
- **Username Count - Offense**
- **Low Level Categories - Offense**
- **Status - Offense**
- **Destination IP - Offense**
- **Link To Offense**

#### Incident Types
- **Qradar Generic**
- New incident type.

#### Layouts
- **New: Qradar Generic**
- This layout displays all of main offense, events and assets data.

#### Playbooks
##### TIM - QRadar Add Bad Hash Indicators
- Changed is enabled test to match Qradar V2

##### TIM - QRadar Add Domain Indicators
- Changed is enabled test to match Qradar V2

##### QRadar - Get offense correlations v2
- Changed is enabled test to match Qradar V2

##### QRadar Indicator Hunting V2
- Changed is enabled test to match Qradar V2

##### TIM - QRadar Add IP Indicators
- Changed is enabled test to match Qradar V2

##### TIM - QRadar Add Url Indicators
- Changed is enabled test to match Qradar V2

##### TIM - Access Investigation - QRadar
- Changed is enabled test to match Qradar V2

#### Scripts
##### New: QRadarPrintAssets
- This script prints the assets fetched from the offense in a table format.

##### New: QRadarFetchedEventsSum
- This script displays the amount of fetched events vs the total amount of events in the offense.

##### New: QRadarPrintEvents
- This script prints the events fetched from the offense in a table format.

##### New: QRadarMagnitude
- This script enables to color the field according to the magnitude. The scale is 
1-3 green
4-7 yellow
8-10 red

---

### IBM X-Force Exchange Pack v1.0.5
#### Integrations
##### IBM X-Force Exchange v2
- Fixed an issue where non existing hashes were returning an error in the ***file*** command.
- Fixed an issue where submitting multiple hashes in the ***file*** command was not returning the correct outputs.

---

### Integrations & Incidents Health Check Pack v1.1.7
#### Scripts
##### GetFailedTasks
- Added support for Demsito multi-tenant environment.
- Added Demisto-REST-API dependencies.
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python3:3.8.6.13358.

---

### IronDefense Pack v1.1.3 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### IronDefense
Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python3:3.8.6.13358.

---

### Logz.io Pack v1.1.1 (Partner Supported)
Documentation and metadata improvements.


---

### McAfee Advanced Threat Defense Pack v1.0.4
#### Integrations
##### McAfee Advanced Threat Defense
- Fixed an issue where setting the *submitType* argument to '2' or '3' caused a failure in the *atd-file-upload* command.
- Documentation and metadata improvements.
- Fixed an issue where arguments were not handled correctly in the **atd-file-upload** command.

#### Playbook
##### New: Detonate Remote File from URL - McAfee ATD
Added a playbook that detonates a file from a url using the McAfee Advanced Threat Defense sandbox integration.

---

### Microsoft Cloud App Security Pack v1.0.11
#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Cloud App Security
- Fixed an issue where an error was raised in **fetch-incident** in case there were no incidents to fetch.
- Updated the endpoints for the commands ***microsoft-cas-alert-dismiss-bulk*** and ***microsoft-cas-alert-resolve-bulk***.
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python3:3.8.6.13358.

---

### Microsoft Graph Mail Single User Pack v1.0.10
#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Graph Mail Single User
General documentation improvements.

---

### Microsoft Graph Security Pack v2.0.5
#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Graph Security
- Fixed an issue where alerts were not pulled in the fetch incidents flow.
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/crypto:1.0.0.12979.

---

### Microsoft Management Activity API (O365/Azure Events) Pack v1.1.3
#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Management Activity API (O365 Azure Events)
- Fixed the spelling of *audit.general* in the *Content types to fetch* integration parameter.
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/pyjwt3:1.0.0.13142.

---

### Microsoft Teams Pack v1.0.5
#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Teams
- Fixed an issue in which existing users were not found.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/teams:1.0.0.13080*.

---

### MongoDB Pack v1.2.0
#### Integrations
##### MongoDB
- Added an option to return only certain fields in the ***mongodb-query*** command.
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/pymongo:1.0.0.12410.

---

### NTT Cyber Threat Sensor Pack v1.0.1 (Partner Supported)
Documentation and metadata improvements.


---

### Nozomi Networks Pack v1.0.1
Documentation and metadata improvements.


---

### PAN-OS Pack v1.6.6
#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS
- **Breaking Change:** ***url***, ***panorama-get-url-category***, ***panorama-get-url-category-from-cloud*** and ***panorama-get-url-category-from-host*** 
- commands changed to return multiple entries (entry per indicator) instead of a single entry.
- Added the *profile-setting* argument to the following commands: ***panorama-create-rule*** and ***panorama-edit-rule***.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.8.6.13358*.

---

### PANW Comprehensive Investigation Pack v1.3.4
#### Playbooks
##### Palo Alto Networks - Hunting And Threat Detection
Fixed bug in is enabled tasks.

---

### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response Pack v2.4.11
#### Playbooks
##### Cortex XDR - Port Scan
Fixed ipRanges input.

##### Cortex XDR - Port Scan - Adjusted
- Fixed ipRanges input.
- Deprecated the *InternalIPRange* input for this playbook.
- Use the *InternalIPRanges* input instead.

---

### Palo Alto Networks IoT Pack v1.0.1
Documentation and metadata improvements.

---

### Palo Alto Networks Threat Vault Pack v1.0.1
Documentation and metadata improvements.

---

### PassiveTotal Pack v2.0.5 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### PassiveTotal v2
**Breaking Change:** ***pt-get-pdns-details***, ***pt-whois-search*** and ***pt-get-components*** commands were changed to return multiple entries (entry per indicator) instead of a single entry.

---

### PhishTank Pack v2.0.1
#### Integrations
##### PhishTank v2
- Fixed an issue where the ***url*** command didn't cache the data. 
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.8.6.13358*.

---

### Phishing Pack v1.10.8
#### Incident Fields
- Associated the following incident fields to the Email Communication incident type.
  - **Email To**
  - **Email Body Format**
  - **Email Received**
  - **Email Client Name**
  - **Attachment Name**
  - **Email HTML**
  - **Email Subject**
  - **Email Message ID**
  - **Attachment ID**
  - **Email Reply To**
  - **Email BCC**
  - **Email Body HTML**
  - **Email Body**
  - **Email Headers**
  - **Email From**
  - **Email CC**
- Added the following new incident fields
  - **Email Latest Message**
  - **Email HTML Image**
  - **Email Labels**
---

### Prisma Cloud Pack v1.4.0
#### Classifiers
##### Prisma Cloud - Classifier
Updated classifier for new GCP Kubernetes playbooks.

##### RedLock
Updated for new GCP Kubernetes playbooks.

##### Prisma Cloud App - Incoming Mapper
Updated mapper for new GCP Kubernetes playbooks.

##### Prisma Cloud App - Classifier
Updated classifier for new GCP Kubernetes playbooks.

##### Prisma Cloud - Incoming Mapper
Updated mapper for new GCP Kubernetes playbooks.

##### prismaCloud_app
Updated for new GCP Kubernetes playbooks.

#### Incident Fields
- **Resource API Name**
Updated this incident field.
- **Subscription Type**
  Updated this incident field.
- **Prisma Cloud Reason**
  Updated this incident field.
- **RRN**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **Prisma Cloud Time**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **Subscription Description**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **Prisma Cloud Rules**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **Prisma Cloud Status**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **Prisma Cloud ID**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **Subscription Name**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **Subscription Updated On**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **Resource Cloud Type**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **Subscription Assigned By**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **System Default**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **Subscription Updated By**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **Subscription Created By**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **Subscription Created On**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **Subscription ID**
  Assigned this field to the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.

#### Incident Types
- **GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration**
New incident type.

#### Integrations
##### Prisma Cloud (RedLock)
Added the ***redlock-search-config*** command.

#### Layouts
- **GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration Incident**
New layout the for GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.
- **GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration**
New layout for the GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration incident type.

#### Playbooks
##### New: Prisma Cloud Remediation - GCP Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration
This playbook remediates Prisma Cloud GCP Kubernetes Engine alerts.  It calls sub-playbooks that perform the actual remediation steps.

Remediation:
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters Basic Authentication is set to Enabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters have HTTP load balancing disabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters have Legacy Authorization enabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters have Master authorized networks disabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters have Network policy disabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters have Stackdriver Logging disabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters have Stackdriver Monitoring disabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters have binary authorization disabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters web UI/Dashboard is set to Enabled
* GCP Kubernetes cluster intra-node visibility disabled

##### New: Prisma Cloud Remediation - GCP Kubernetes Engine Cluster Misconfiguration
This playbook remediates the following Prisma Cloud GCP Kubernetes Engine Cluster alerts.

Prisma Cloud policies remediated:

* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters Basic Authentication is set to Enabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters have HTTP load balancing disabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters have Legacy Authorization enabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters have Master authorized networks disabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters have Network policy disabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters have Stackdriver Logging disabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters have Stackdriver Monitoring disabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters have binary authorization disabled
* GCP Kubernetes Engine Clusters web UI/Dashboard is set to Enabled
* GCP Kubernetes cluster intra-node visibility disabled

---

### QueryAI Pack v1.0.3 (Partner Supported)
Documentation and metadata improvements.

---

### RTIR Pack v1.0.5
#### Integrations
##### RTIR
Fixed an issue where the integration commands failed on when non-ASCII characters were passed.

---

### SafeBreach - Breach and Attack Simulation platform Pack v1.1.2 (Partner Supported)
Documentation and metadata improvements.

---

### SentinelOne Pack v1.0.4
#### Integrations
##### SentinelOne v2
Updated the description for the ***sentinelone-get-hash*** command.

---

### ServiceNow Pack v1.3.11
#### Integrations
##### ServiceNow v2
Fixed an issue where multiple query arguments were not allowed in the **servicenow-query-tickets** and the **servicenow-query-table** commands.

---

### Shift Management - Assign to Next Shift Pack v1.0.1
#### Playbooks
##### Assign Active Incidents to Next Shift
Fixed reference to AssignToNextShift automation.

---

### Symantec Data Loss Prevention (Beta) Pack v1.1.1
#### Integrations
##### Symantec Data Loss Prevention (Beta)
Fixed an issue where **fetch-incidents** created duplicate incidents.

---

### Symantec Managed Security Services Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### Symantec Managed Security Services
Fixed an issue where the certificates were not handled appropriately.

---

### VirusTotal - Private API Pack v1.0.6
#### Integrations
##### VirusTotal - Private API
Fixed an issue where empty behaviour reports were not parsed correctly.

---

### Whois Pack v1.1.7
#### Integrations
##### Whois
Added the *Domain.Admin* context standards to the ***domain*** and ***whois*** commands .

---

### Workday Pack v1.0.5
#### Classifiers
##### IAM Sync User - Workday
Maintenance and stability enhancements.

---

### XSOAR Mirroring Pack v1.0.1
Documentation and metadata improvements.

---

### okta Pack v2.0.2
#### Integrations
##### Okta IAM
Maintenance and stability enhancements.
