## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 20.2.3 (41510)
##### Published on 18 February 2020
### Integrations

#### 2 New Integrations
- __Lastline v2__  
Use the Lastline v2 integration to provide the threat analysts and incident response teams with the advanced malware isolation and inspection environment needed to safely execute advanced malware samples, and understand their behavior.
- __Akamai WAF__  
Use the Akamai WAF integration to manage common sets of lists used by various Akamai security products and features.

####  10 Improved Integrations
- __SplunkPy__  
Added the *app* argument to the following commands.
  - ***splunk-job-create***
  -  ***splunk-search***
- __SumoLogic__  
  - Added the *waitForSearchComplete* parameter, which causes the search to wait for the query to iterate over all messages before returning results.
  - Bugfix: wait for the query to complete when fetching incidents as aggregate records.
- __ZeroFox__  
Fixed an issue where the same incident was repeatedly fetched.
- __McAfee Web Gateway__  
Fixed an issue where the integration parameters were exposed in the log.
- __Mail Sender (New)__  
Fixed an issue where in some cases attachments displayed as being empty.
- __Elasticsearch v2__  
You can now fetch incidents without specifying the *Date Format* parameter.
- __ArcSight ESM v2__  
Fixed an issue where the output for the ***as-get-entries*** command was not in the correct format for results with a large number of objects.
- __Rasterize__  
  - Updated Chromium to version 80.
  - Added support for specifying a maximum page load time. The default value is 180 seconds.
  - Changed the default user agent to match the Chrome user agent.
- __RSA NetWitness v11.1__  
  - Fixed an issue with ***fetch-incidents*** where setting a *Fetch Limit* would drop older incidents if the number of the fetched incidents was greater than the limit.
  - Added the *pageNumber* argument to the ***netwitness-get-incidents*** command. The argument allows the user to get incidents from a specific page and is intended to be used with the *limit* argument.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__  
  - The *name* argument is now mandatory in the ***panorama-get-service*** command.
  - Added 7 commands.
    - ***panorama-download-latest-content-update***
    - ***panorama-content-update-download-status***
    - ***panorama-install-latest-content-update***
    - ***panorama-content-update-install-status***
    - ***panorama-check-latest-panos-software***
    - ***panorama-download-panos-version***
    - ***panorama-download-panos-status***


---
### Scripts

####  New Script
- __YaraScan__  
Performs a Yara scan on the specified files.

####  2 Improved Scripts
- __ReadPDFFileV2__  
  - Fixed a bug where emails were labeled as URLs.
  - Added Email standard output.
- __DockerHardeningCheck__  
Updated the error entry with a detailed explanation of the failure.

---
### Playbooks

####  5 New Playbooks
- __NetOps - Upgrade PAN-OS Firewall Device__  
Network operation playbook that upgrades the firewall. The superuser is required in order to update the PAN-OS version.
- __NetOps - Firewall Version and Content Upgrade__  
Network operation playbook that updates the version and the content of the firewall. The superuser is required in order to update the PAN-OS version.
- __Detonate URL - Lastline v2__  
Detonates a URL using the Lastline sandbox integration.
- __Akamai WAF - Activate Network Lists__  
Activates network lists in Staging or Production on Akamai WAF. The playbook finishes running when the network list is active on the requested environment.
- __Detonate File - Lastline v2__  
Detonates a file using the Lastline sandbox.

####  2 Improved Playbooks
- __Detonate URL - Generic__  
Replaced the **Detonate URL - Lastline** sub-playbook with **Detonate URL - Lastline v2**.
- __Detonate File - Generic__  
Replaced the **Detonate File - Lastline** sub-playbook with **Detonate File - Lastline v2**.

---
### Incident Fields

#### New Incident Field
- __Target Firewall Version__  
Version to install on the firewall for PAN-OS, for example: 9.0.5.
    - ***panorama-install-panos-version***
    - ***panorama-install-panos-status***
    - ***panorama-device-reboot***