## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 20.2.4 (42218)
##### Published on 24 February 2020
---
## 5.5 Beta Release Notes
### Feeds

#### 25 New Feeds in 5.5.0 Beta
We added several inbound and outbound feeds for threat intelligence management.

##### 22 Inbound Feeds
- __abuse.ch SSL Blacklist Feed__
- __DShield Feed__
- __Cofense Feed__
- __Azure Feed__
- __Office 365 Feed__
- __Blocklist_de Feed__
- __Recorded Future RiskList Feed__
- __BruteForceBlocker Feed__
- __AutoFocus Feed__
- __Cloudflare Feed__
- __Proofpoint Feed__
- __Bambenek Consulting Feed__
- __Tor Exit Addresses Feed__
- __AlienVault Reputation Feed__
- __Feodo Tracker IP Blocklist Feed__
- __Feodo Tracker Hashes Feed__
- __Spamhaus Feed__
- __AWS Feed__
- __Office365 Feed__
- __CSV Feed__
- __Malware Domain List Active IPs Feed__
- __Fastly Feed__

##### 3 Outbound Feeds
- __Export Indicators Service__
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Service__
- __TAXII Feed__

### Integrations
#### New Integration in 5.5 Beta
- __Elasticsearch v2__
  - Searches for and analyzes data in real-time.
  - Supports version 6 and up.
---
### Scripts
#### New Script in 5.5.0 Beta
- __FetchIndicatorsFromFile__
Fetches indicators from a file.
---
### Playbooks
#### 11 New Playbooks in 5.5 Beta
- __Process Domain Indicators__
- __Process Hash Indicators__
- __Process IP Indicators__
- __Process Url Indicators__
- __ArcSight Add Domain Indicators__
- __ArcSight Add IP Indicators__
- __ArcSight Add Hash Indicators__
- __QRadar Add Domain Indicators__
- __QRadar Add IP Indicators__
- __QRadar Add Hash Indicators__
- __QRadar Add Url Indicators__
---
### Dashboard 
##### New Dashboard in 5.5.0 Beta
- __Threat Intelligence Management__
---
### Widgets
####  4 New Widgets
- __Elastic Disk Current Usage__
Elastic Disk Current Usage %.
- __Elastic JVM Memory Current Usage__
Elastic JVM Memory Current Usage %.
- __Elastic Memory Current Usage__
Elastic Memory Current Usage %.
- __Elastic CPU Current Usage__
Elasticsearch CPU Current Usage %.
---
### Incident Layouts

####  10 New Incident Layouts in 5.5.0 Beta
- __emailRep - Indicator Details__
Updated the layout for the Email indicator type.
- __Indicator Feed - New/Edit__
Added the ability to edit the layout for the **Indicator Feed** incident type.
- __unifiedFileRep - Indicator Details__
Updated the layout for the File indicator type.
- __urlRep - Indicator Details__
Updated the layout for the URL indicator type.
- __domainRep - Indicator Details__
Updated the layout for the Domain indicator type.
- __hostRep - Indicator Details__
Updated the layout for the Host indicator type.
- __cveRep - Indicator Details__
Updated the layout for the CVE indicator type.
- __registryKey - Indicator Details__
Updated the layout for the Registry Key indicator type.
- __ipRep - Indicator Details__
Updated the layout for the IP indicator type.
- __accountRep - Indicator Details__
Updated the layout for the Account indicator type.
---
### Integrations

####  8 New Integrations
- __Google Chronicle Backstory__
Use the Google Chronicle Backstory integration to retrieve Asset alerts or IOC Domain matches as Incidents. Use it to fetch a list of infected assets based on the indicator accessed. 
- __Pentera__
An Integration with Pentera by Pcysys.
- __Claroty__
Use the Claroty CTD integration to manage assets and alerts.
- __Expanse__
The Expanse App for Demisto leverages the Expander API to retrieve network exposures and create incidents in Demisto.  This application also enables IP and Domain enrichment, retrieving assets and exposures information drawn from Expanse.
- __IBM X-Force Exchange (v2)__
Use the IBM X-Force Exchange integration to receive threat intelligence about applications, IP addresses, URLs, and hashes.
- __CounterCraft Deception Director__
Use the CounterCraft Deception Solution integration to detect advanced adversaries and to automate counterintelligence campaigns to discover targeted attacks with real-time active response.
- __Indeni__
Indeni is turn-key automated monitoring providing visibility for security infrastructure. Indeni's production-ready Knowledge is curated from vetted, community-sourced experience, to deliver automation of tedious tasks with integration with your existing processes.
- __illuminate__
This integration utilizes AnalystPlatform's Illuminate system to enrich Demisto indicators.

####  9 Improved Integrations
- __MISP V2__
Fixed the default value for the *PREDEFINED* argument in the ***misp-search*** command.
- __DomainTools Iris__
Improved the integration description.
- __Micro Focus Service Manager__
Improved the descriptions for several parameters and commands.
- __SplunkPy__
Added support for comma-separated values in the ***splunk-parse-raw*** command.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__
  - Added 2 commands.
    - ***panorama-register-user-tag***
    - ***panorama-unregister-user-tag***
- __Zscaler__
  - Fixed an issue where the ***url*** command in Zscaler did not create an indicator in Demisto.
  - Fixed the ***url*** and ***ip*** commands the in Zscaler output descriptions.
  - Fixed an issue where the ***zscaler-category-add-url*** command failed when passing multiple URLs separated with spaces.
  - Fixed an issue where the ***zscaler-undo-blacklist-url*** command always failed with the error "Given URL is not blacklisted".
  - Fixed an issue where the ***zscaler-undo-blacklist-ip*** command always failed with the error "Given IP is not blacklisted".
  - Fixed an issue where the ***zscaler-undo-whitelist-url*** command always failed with the error "Given host address is not whitelisted.".
  - Fixed an issue where the ***zscaler-undo-whitelist-ip*** command always failed with the error "Given IP address is not whitelisted.".
  - Updated command executions to always activate changes after API calls and close session. This fixes issues related to the session not being authenticated or timing out.
- __McAfee DXL__
Added certificate validation.
- __McAfee Threat Intelligence Exchange__
Added certificate validation.
- __Qualys__
Fixed an argument name in the ***qualys-schedule-scan-list*** command.

---
### Scripts

####  New Script
- __ExpanseParseRawIncident__
Parses an Expanse incident from raw JSON to readable output.

####  2 Improved Scripts
- __FilterByList__
Added the name of the compared list to the context.
- __XDRSyncScript__
Fixed an issue where an incident was modified in XDR but not updated in Demisto.

---
### Playbooks

####  6 New Playbooks
- __Claroty Manage Asset CVEs__
- __Claroty Incident__
- __Indeni Demo__
- __Pentera Run Scan__
- __Expanse Incident Playbook__
Parses incident from Expanse in raw JSON to readable output.
- __NetSec - Palo Alto Networks DUG - Tag User__
Block a user by tagging them in the Palo Alto Networks NGFW. Requires PAN-OS 9.1 or later.

####  3 Improved Playbooks
- __NetOps - Firewall Version and Content Upgrade__
Updated playbook descriptions and task names.
- __NetOps - Upgrade PAN-OS Firewall Device__
Updated playbook descriptions and task names.
- __Block Account - Generic__
Added the **PAN-OS Dynamic User Groups** commands to the playbook.

---
### Incident Layouts

####  12 New Incident Layouts
- __accountRep - Indicator Details__
- __hostRep - Indicator Details__
- __Expanse Appearance - Summary__
- __domainRep - Indicator Details__
- __Claroty Integrity Incident - Summary__
- __cveRep - Indicator Details__
- __unifiedFileRep - Indicator Details__
- __registryKey - Indicator Details__
- __Claroty Security Incident - Summary__
- __ipRep - Indicator Details__
- __emailRep - Indicator Details__
- __urlRep - Indicator Details__