## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 20.2.2 (40656)
##### Published on 09 February 2020

This is a patch release for Content Release 20.2.2.

####  7 Improved Integrations
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__
  - Fixed an issue in the ***panorama-create-rule*** and ***panorama-create-block-rule*** commands.
  - Added the *category* argument to the ***panorama-create-rule*** command.
- __Kenna V2__
You can supply a list for the *id*, *status*, and *top-priority* arguments in the following commands. 
  - ***kenna-search-assets*** 
  - ***kenna-get-asset-vulnerabilities***
  - ***kenna-search-fixes*** 
  - ***kenna-search-vulnerabilities***
- __Microsoft Graph Mail__
Fixed an issue where not all items were retrieved from a mailbox.
- __QRadar__
Fixed an issue where the ***qradar-get-search-results*** and ***qradar-get-search*** commands ignored the *headers* argument.
- __Securonix__
Fixed an issue where the integration failed to fetch incidents.
- __Carbon Black Defense__:
  - Added proper error messages for missing fetch parameters.
  - Added a detailed description that describes how to retrieve the fetch parameters: SIEM Key and SIEM ID.
- __Netskope__
Fixed an issue in cases when the last time of the fetch was not updated correctly.
---
### Playbooks

####  2 New Playbooks
- __PAN-OS EDL Setup v2__
  - Configures an external dynamic list in PAN-OS.
  - If the EDL file exists on the web server, it will sync to Demisto and create an EDL object with a matching rule. 
- __PAN-OS - Create Or Edit EDL Rule__
Creates or edits a Panorama rule and moves it to the specified position. 

####  2 Improved Playbooks
- __Block IOCs from CSV - External Dynamic List__
Fixed - the first condition was working only on some of the CSV files and some of them not.
- __PAN-OS - Block IP and URL - External Dynamic List__
  - Fixed issue with task inputs.
  - Added new sub-playbooks.

For more information about the release, see [20.2.0](https://github.com/demisto/content/releases/tag/20.2.0)