## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 20.3.2 (43553)
##### Published on 11 March 2020
---
### Integrations

####  New Integrations
- __CVE Search v2__
Searches for CVE information using circl.lu.
####  7 Improved Integrations
- __Anomali ThreatStream v2__
Fixed an issue where inactive indicators were taken into account.
- __Atlassian Jira v2__
Fixed an issue in the ***jira-create-issue*** and ***jira-edit-issue*** commands where the due date was not set correctly.
- __CyberArk AIM__
Improved display of integration parameters.
- __CVE Search__
Added batch support to the ***cve-search*** command.
- __Rasterize__
  - Fixed the setting **Use system proxy settings**, so proxies are ignored when not enabled.
  - Fixed an issue with the ***rasterize*** command in which child processes were defunct when using a proxy server.
- __AbuseIPDB__
  - Improved parsing in the ***ip*** command.
- __SplunkPy__
  - Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** did not work as intended.
  - Fixed an issue where ***splunk-parse-raw*** command cut the last character of parsed fields.

---
### Scripts
####  New Scripts
- __DBotPredictOutOfTheBox__
Predicts phishing incidents using the out-of-the-box pretrained model.
---
### Playbooks

####  New Playbook
- __Kenna - Search and Handle Asset Vulnerabilities__
This playbook accepts an asset, then searches for vulnerabilities on that asset using the Kenna integration. If a vulnerability exists, it looks for relevant patches, lets the analyst deploy them and then generates an investigation summary report.

####  Improved Playbook
- __QRadar Indicator Hunting V2__
Fixed missing task links.

---
## XSOAR 5.5 Beta Release
### Feeds

####  2 Improved Feeds in 5.5.0
- __Recorded Future RiskList Feed__
Fixed an issue with the integration's indicator field mapping.
- __TAXII Feed__
Fetches indicators from a TAXII server as the indicators are published to the feed.

#### Incident Fields in 5.5.0
Added the *Add as optional graph* option to the incident field **Device Name**.