## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 20.3.3 (44118)
##### Published on 17 March 2020
### Integrations

####  6 New Integrations
- __Google Vision AI__  
Use the Google Vision AI integration to perform image processing with the Google Vision API.
- __Amazon DynamoDB__  
Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides fast and predictable performance with seamless scalability.
- __RiskSense__  
Use the RiskSense integration for vulnerability management and prioritization to measure and control cybersecurity risk.
- __Code42__  
Use the Code42 integration to identify potential data exfiltration from insider threats while speeding investigation and response by providing fast access to file events and metadata across physical and cloud environments.
- __(BETA) Trend Micro Apex__
Trend Micro Apex central automation to manage agents and User-Defined Suspicious Objects.
- __(BETA) Proofpoint Server Protection__
Proofpoint email security appliance.

####  18 Improved Integrations
- __Expanse__  
  - Updated the Authorization header for the Events API to use the correct token.
  - Added a User-Agent header to assist with diagnostics/debugging.
- __Hybrid Analysis__  
Added URL decoding for the ***hybrid-analysis-quick-scan-url*** command.
- __Pentera__  
Fixed an issue with date parsing in the ***pentera-get-task-run-full-action-report*** command.
- __Qualys__  
Added the **REF** field in context mapping.
- __Anomali ThreatStream v2__  
Fixed handling of reputation commands with array input in cases where no reputation was found for a specific indicator.
- __FireEye HX__  
Fixed an issue with encoding passwords with special characters, for example:  ✓.
- __C2sec irisk__  
Fixed an issue where the ***irisk-get-domain-issues*** command failed on KeyError.
- __Carbon Black Enterprise Response__  
Changed the search alerts API v1 call to the API v2 call.
- __AlienVault OTX v2__  
  - Fixed an issue where the IP indicator type was incorrect.
  - Fixed an issue where the URL indicator score was a string.
- __VirusTotal__  
Fixed an issue where detections with no positive values were treated as malicious.
- __SplunkPy__  
Fixed an issue in the test command, which caused an out of memory error.
- __RSA NetWitness v11.1__  
Fixed an issue with the ***get-incident*** command when the returned sources attribute is set to "[null]". Applicable to NetWitness 11.4.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__  
Improved handling of cases where a field value is *None*.
- __RSA NetWitness Packets and Logs__  
Fixed query parsing in the ***netwitness-query*** command.
- __BPA__  
Removed the **PORT** parameter from the configuration. This will not affect currently configured instances.
- __Whois__  
Added the ***domain*** command to enable domain enrichment.
- __Elasticsearch v2__  
Added support for API Key authentication.
- __RSA Archer__  
Fixed an issue where the following commands failed on numeric incident IDs.
  - ***archer-update-record***
  - ***archer-delete-record***
  - ***archer-upload-file***
  - ***archer-add-to-detailed-analysis***
  - ***archer-get-record***
---
### Scripts

#### New Script
- __VerifyJSON__  
Verifies if the supplied JSON string is valid, and optionally verifies against a provided schema. The script utilizes Powershell's Test-JSON cmdlet.

####  4 Improved Scripts
- __DBotTrainTextClassifierV2__  
Added support for training on a boolean target field.
- __ReadPDFFileV2__  
Fixed an issue with URL extraction from PDF files.
- __DockerHardeningCheck__  
Decreased the CPU check sensitivity to accommodate loaded systems.
- __FindSimilarIncidents__  
Added support for the "\\" character in incident fields.

---
### Playbooks

####  3 New Playbooks
- __Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS IAM User Policy Misconfiguration__  
Remediates the following Prisma Cloud AWS IAM User alerts.
  - Prisma Cloud policies remediated.
  - AWS IAM user has two active Access Keys.
- __Code42 Exfiltration Playbook__  
The Code42 Exfiltration playbook acts on Code42 Security Alerts, retrieves file event data, and allows security teams to remediate file exfiltration events by revoking access rights to cloud files or containing endpoints.
- __Code42 File Search__  
Searches for files via Code42 security events by either MD5 or SHA256 hash. The data is output to the Code42.SecurityData context.

####  4 Improved Playbooks
- __PAN-OS EDL Setup v2__  
Fixed missing letter in device mode(l).
- __Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS IAM Policy Misconfiguration__  
Added the **Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS IAM User Policy Misconfiguration** sub-playbook.
- __Calculate Severity - Critical Assets v2__  
Fixed an issue that caused the **Critical Assets** field to be populated partially or not at all.
- __PAN-OS Commit Configuration__  
Fixed a bug where the commit failed but the playbook succeeded. Now it will fail on an unsuccessful commit or push.

---
### Layouts

####  2 New Layouts
- __AWS CloudTrail Misconfiguration - Summary__
- __Code42 Security Alert - Summary__

---
### Classification & Mapping

####  2 Improved Classification & Mapping
- __PrismaCloud App__  
Added classification to the **AWS CloudTrail Misconfiguration** incident type.
- __RedLock__  
Added classification to the **AWS CloudTrail Misconfiguration** incident type.

---
## XSOAR 5.5 Beta Release
---
### Feeds
#### 3 New Feeds
- __AlienVault OTX TAXII Feed__  
Fetches indicators from AlienVault OTX using a TAXII client.
- __Plain Text Feed__  
Fetches indicators from a plain text feed.
- __Elasticsearch Feed__  
Fetches indicators stored in an Elasticsearch database.

#### 5 Improved Feeds
- __TAXII Feed__  
You can now use the API header and API key in the credentials fields when configuring an integration instance.
- __Cofense Feed__  
Added the **DomainGlob** indicator type to the feed's output, which might be applied when domains are returned.
- __Office 365 Feed__  
  - Added the **DomainGlob** indicator type to the feed's output, which might be applied when domains are returned.
  - Added mapping to new indicator fields.
- __Proofpoint Feed__  
Added the **DomainGlob** indicator type to the feed's output, which might be applied when domains are returned.
- __Recorded Future RiskList Feed__  
Added the **DomainGlob** indicator type to the feed's output, which might be applied when domains are returned.
---
### Integrations
#### 2 Improved Integrations
- __Export Indicators Service__
  - Added the *offset* parameter to the ***eis-update*** command.
  - Added support for the following inline URL parameters.
    - n - The number of indicators to fetch.
    - s - The first index from which to fetch indicators.
    - v - The output format for indicators.
    - q - The query that defines which indicators to fetch.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Service__
Added integration parameter options for formatting indicator values to the expected input standards of PAN-OS.