## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 20.4.0 (47887)
##### Published on 14 April 2020
### Breaking Changes
Deleted several deprecated playbooks. See the **Playbooks** section for full details. This is only applicable to Cortex XSOAR 5.5.
 
### Integrations

####  9 New Integrations
- __Sixgill DarkFeed™ Threat Intelligence__  
Leverage the power of Sixgill to supercharge Cortex XSOAR with real-time Threat Intelligence indicators. Get IOCs such as domains, URLs, hashes, and IP addresses straight into the Demisto platform.
- __MongoDB__  
Use the MongoDB integration to search and query entries in your MongoDB.
- __MongoDB Log__  
Writes log data to a MongoDB collection.
- __MongoDB Key Value Store__  
Manipulates key/value pairs according to an incident utilizing the MongoDB collection.
- __Okta v2__  
Integration with Okta's cloud-based identity management service.
- __Cisco ASA__  
Use the Cisco Adaptive Security Appliance Software integration to manage interfaces, rules, and network objects.
- __Cisco Firepower__  
Use the Cisco Firepower integration for unified management of firewalls, application control, intrusion prevention, URL filtering, and advanced malware protection.
- __Azure Sentinel__  
Use the Azure Sentinel integration to get and manage incidents and get related entity information for incidents.
- __SafeBreach v2__  
SafeBreach automatically executes thousands of breach methods from its extensive and growing Hacker’s Playbook™ to validate security control effectiveness.  Simulations are automatically correlated with network, endpoint, and SIEM solutions providing data-driven SafeBreach Insights for holistic remediation to harden enterprise defenses.

#### 18 Improved Integrations
- __Sixgill Deep Insights__  
  - Updated the README.
  - Updated the integration Docker image.
  - Added support to use proxies.
  - Updated tests.
  - Updated the integration logo.
  - Removed the ***get-indicators*** command.
  - Removed playbooks that used the ***get-indicators*** command.
- __Expanse__  
  - Added support for pulling behavior data to create new incidents.
  - Added support for the ***expanse-get-behavior*** command.
  - Added support for the ***expanse-get-certificate*** command.
- __Exabeam__  
Fixed connection error without proxy.
- __SlashNext Phishing Incident Response__  
Added the ***slashnext-api-quota*** command, which gets information about user's API quota.
- __Microsoft Teams__  
  - Set the listener host to 0.0.0.0 in order to handle IPv6.
  - Fixed an issue where the email address of the message sender was not handled properly.
- __Slack v2__  
Reduced the maximum number of threads used by the integration.
- __MISP v2__  
Fixed the integration filter parameter, Influence on the Entry context returned.
- __Fidelis Elevate Network__  
Fixed an issue with partial results parsing.
- __Have I Been Pwned? v2__  
Added the ***pwned-username*** command, which enables searching usernames.
- __Prisma Cloud (RedLock)__  
  - Improved logging for fetch_incidents.
  - Improved error handling.
- __SplunkPy__  
Added the ***splunk-job-status*** command, which checks the status of a job.
- __AWS - EC2__  
Added the following commands.
  - ***aws-ec2-delete-subnets***
  - ***aws-ec2-describe-internet-gateway***
  - ***aws-ec2-detach-internet-gateway***
  - ***aws-ec2-delete-internet-gateway***
  - ***aws-ec2-create-traffic-mirror-session***
  - ***aws-ec2-delete-vpc***
  - Fixed an issue where the email address of the message sender was not handled properly.
- __IBM X-Force Exchange v2__  
Fixed an issue in the ***file*** command.
- __TAXII Server__  
Updated the reference to the traffic light protocol indicator field to use the new **cliname**.
- __AlienVault USM Anywhere__  
Fixed an issue where fetching incidents created duplicate incidents.
- __VulnDB__  
Improved exception parsing when the API quota is exceeded.
- __ExtraHop Reveal(x) v2__  
Updated the names of alert rule commands to clarify that these commands only manage alert rules, they do not fetch alert events.
- __Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response__  
  - Fixed the issue where the ***xdr-isolate-endpoint*** command failed in the following situations:
    - The endpoint was disconnected.
    - The isolation was still pending.
    - The isolation cancellation was still pending.
  - Fixed the issue where the ***xdr-unisolate-endpoint*** failed in the following situations:
    - The endpoint was disconnected.
    - The isolation was still pending.
    - The isolation cancellation was still pending.
- __Palo Alto Networks BPA__  
Updated the integration name to **Palo Alto Networks BPA**.

### Feeds (From Cortex XSOAR 5.5 only)
Added the *Tags* parameter to the following feeds:
- __Azure Feed__
- __Bambenek Consulting Feed__
- __Blocklist_de Feed__
- __Cloudflare Feed__
- __DShield Feed__
- __Fastly Feed__
- __Feodo Tracker Hashes Feed__
- __Feodo Tracker IP Blocklist Feed__
- __HTTPFeedApiModule__
- __JSON Feed__
- __Malware Domain List Active IPs Feed__
- __Plain Text Feed__
- __Spamhaus Feed__
### Improved Feed
- __Tor Exit Addresses Feed__  
Added default mapping of indicator fields.
---
### Scripts

#### New Script
- __HTMLtoMD__  
Converts the passed HTML to Markdown.

#### 5 Improved Scripts
- __ParseEmailFiles__  
Improved handling of attachments.
- __DockerHardeningCheck__  
Added the *memory_check* argument to specify how to test memory limitations.
- __FormattedDateToEpoch__  
Fixed an issue where time conversion didn't support timezone.
- __SlackAsk__  
The script will now send a message using the **Slack V2** integration only.
- __GetLicenseID__  
Fixed an issue where the script wasn't returning results.

---
### Playbooks

#### 5 New Playbooks
- __SafeBreach Rerun Insights__  
Reruns a SafeBreach insight based on ID, and waits for the playbook to completes. Returns the updated insight object after post rerun.
- __SafeBreach Insights Feed Playbook__  
Triggers automated remediation for all SafeBreach generated indicators generated by insights. Then it reruns related insights and tags remaining indicators as not remediated ("NotRemediated" tag).
- __DBot Create Phishing Classifier V2 From File__  
Creates a phishing classifier using machine learning. The classifier is based on incidents files extracted from email content.
- __Get Mails By Folder Paths__  
Gets emails from specific folders and pre-processes them using EWS.
- __Slack - General Failed Logins v2.1__  
Investigates a failed login event. The playbook interacts with the user via the Slack integration, checks whether the logins were a result of the user's attempts or an attack, raises the severity, and expires the user's password according to the user's replies.

#### 8 Improved Playbooks
- __QRadar Indicator Hunting V2__  
Improved the AQL query.
- __Splunk Indicator Hunting__  
Fixed transformer and task input.
- __TIM - Process Indicators Against Business Partners IP List__  
Removed hard-coded list name from inputs.
- __TIM - Process Indicators Against Organizations External IP List__  
Removed default list names.
- __TIM - Run Enrichment For Hash Indicators__  
Fixed input name.
- __TIM - Process Indicators - Fully Automated__  
Added conditional tasks to check for result scores.
- __Panorama Query Logs__ 
Added timeout to generic polling.
- __PAN-OS Commit Configuration__  
Improved the error message when a commit or push fails.

#### Deprecated Playbook
- __Get Mails By Folder Pathes__  
Use the **Get Mails By Folder Paths** playbook instead.

#### Deleted Playbooks (For Cortex XSOAR 5.5 only)
The following deprecated playbooks have been deleted.
- **QRadar Add Url Indicators**  
Use the **TIM - QRadar Add Url Indicators** playbook instead.
- **QRadar Add IP Indicators**  
Use the **TIM - QRadar Add IP Indicators** playbook instead.
- **QRadar Add Hash Indicators**  
Use the **TIM - QRadar Add Bad Hash Indicators** playbook instead.
- **QRadar Add Domain Indicators**  
Use the **TIM - QRadar Add Domain Indicators** playbook instead.
- **Process Url Indicators**  
Use the **TIM - Add Url Indicators to SIEM** playbook instead.
- **Process IP Indicators**  
Use the **TIM - Add IP Indicators To SIEM** playbook instead.
- **Process Hash Indicators**  
Use the **TIM - Add Bad Hash Indicators To SIEM** playbook instead.
- **Process Domain Indicators**  
Use the **TIM - Add Domain Indicators To SIEM** playbook instead.
- **ArcSight Add Domain Indicators**  
Use the **TIM - ArcSight Add Domain Indicators** playbook instead.
- **ArcSight Add Hash Indicators**  
Use the **TIM - ArcSight Add Bad Hash Indicators** playbook instead.
- **ArcSight Add IP Indicators**  
Use the **TIM - ArcSight Add IP Indicators** playbook instead.

---
### Layouts

####  New Layouts
- __GCP Compute Engine Misconfiguration - Summary__

#### Improved Layout
- __Indicator Feed - New/Edit__
Added the *New/Edit Form* layout for the **Indicator Feed** incident type.