## Demisto Content Release Notes for version 20.4.1 (50375)
##### Published on 28 April 2020
### Integrations

####  7 New Integrations
- __Microsoft Intune Feed__ (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5)    
Use the Microsoft Intune Feed integration to get indicators from the feed.
- __Palo Alto Networks Prisma Access Egress IP feed__ (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5)  
Dynamically retrieve and whitelist IPs that Prisma Access uses to egress traffic to the internet and SaaS apps.
- __Smokescreen IllusionBLACK__  
Smokescreen IllusionBLACK is a deception-based threat defense platform designed to accurately and efficiently detect targeted threats including reconnaissance, lateral movement, malware-less attacks, social engineering, Man-in-the-Middle attacks, and ransomware in real-time.
- __ServiceNow v2__  
Use the ServiceNow integration to help streamline security-related service management and IT operations.
- __Palo Alto Networks Prisma Access__  
Integrate with Prisma Access to monitor the status of the Service, alert, and take actions.
- __Microsoft Management Activity API (O365 Azure Events)__  
The Microsoft Management Activity API integration enables you to subscribe or unsubscribe to different audits, receive their content, and fetch new content as incidents.
- __Google Cloud Functions__  
Google Cloud Functions is an event-driven serverless compute platform that enables you to run your code locally or in the cloud without having to provision servers.

####  33 Improved Integrations
- __IBM Resilient Systems__
  - Fixed an issue where resilient.co3 warnings were not disabled.
  - Fixed an issue where the ***rs-get-incident*** command failed on key error.
- __Anomali ThreatStream v2__  
Added support for emojis in file names, when uploading a file to the sandbox.
- __EWS v2__  
Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-incidents*** command caused a timeout from EWS.
- __Whois__  
  - Fixed an issue where duplicate fields were created by the ***domain*** and ***whois*** command outputs.
  - Added support for the *Domain.Whois.QueryValue* context output in the ***whois*** command.
  - You can now query Whois with subdomains.
  - Fixed an issue where Whois fails when too many requests are sent.
  - Fixed an issue where Whois was overwritten with the DBostScore of other vendors.
- __Microsoft Graph User__  
Added support to authenticate using a self-deployed Azure application.
- __CVE Search v2__  
Added support to input multiple CVE IDs in the ***cve*** command.
- __Export Indicators Service__  
Removed the default initial value for the **Listen Port** parameter.
- __urlscan.io__  
Fixed an issue where a "download" error message constantly appeared.
- __AWS Feed__  
Added support for **service** field mapping.
- __Expanse__  
Fixed an issue where incident polling did not behave as expected in some situations.
- __Tor Exit Addresses Feed__  
Fixed an issue where the integration did not fetch indicators.
- __Palo Alto Networks WildFire v2__  
Fixed an issue where the ***wildfire-upload*** command failed uploading some files.
- __Fastly Feed__  
Fixed an issue where the integration did not fetch indicators.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Service__  
Removed the default initial value for the **Listen Port** parameter.
- __ArcSight ESM v2__  
Added the ***as-delete-entries*** command, which allows the user to delete entries using the *resourceId* argument.
- __Generic SQL__  
  - Fixed an issue where MySQL default tables where not available for querying.
  - Added support for stack trace and the query error message.
  - Added support to Oracle connection.
  - Added support for **limit** and **skip** command arguments in context output.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Management__  
Removed *http*/*https* from the *list_items** argument in the ***pan-os-edl-update*** command due to the 3rd-party limitation of not being able to parse with *http*/*https*.
- __Securonix__  
  - Added the *action_parameters* argument to the ***securonix-perform-action-on-incident*** command.
  - Improved the name of the fetched incidents to reflect the incident reason.
  - Fixed an issue where the *Incidents to fetch* parameter was not taken into account when fetching incidents.
- __AbuseIPDB__  
Fixed an issue where the API quota limit error was not handled properly.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__  
  - ***panorama-commit-status*** command: Added warnings as a list of strings to Entry Context, which will allow the user to know if aany warnings triggered even if the commit succeeded.
  - ****panorama-push-status*** command: Added warnings as a list of strings to Entry Context, which will allow the user to know if any warnings triggered even if the push succeeded.
- __GitHub__  
Added support for GitHub bots.
- __PolySwarm__  
Added the *file* argument to the ***file*** command.
- __Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response__  
Fixed an issue where the ***xdr-get-endpoints*** command failed when returning all the endpoints if no filters were specified.
- __abuse.ch SSL Blacklist Feed__  
Fixed an issue where indicators were associated with the *creationdate* field instead of the *firstseenbysource* field.
- __Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus v2__  
  - Fixed an issue where the ***file*** command only accepted a lower-case hash.
  - Added the *artifact* argument to the ***autofocus-search-samples*** command, which by default is set to "true", and retrieves the artifacts of the sample.
- __HelloWorld__
  - Added 2 commands:
    - ***domain***
    - ***helloworld-update-alert-status***
  - Improved documentation and comments.
- __TAXII Server__  
Removed the default initial value for the **Listen Port** parameter.
- __TruSTAR__
  - Added 3 commands:
    - ***trustar-get-phishing-submissions***
    - ***trustar-get-phishing-indicators***
    - ***trustar-set-triage-status***
  - Deprecated the following commands due to changes in the TruSTAR service:
    - ***file***
    - ***url***
    - ***ip***
    - ***domain***
- __Microsoft Graph Security__
  - Fixed an issue where filters were not properly implemented in the ***msg-search-alerts*** command. (**Note**: Existing ***msg-search-alerts*** command results might change the next time the command is executed).
  - Added support to authenticate using a self-deployed Azure application.
- __TAXII Feed__
Fixed an issue where the test module did not work as expected.
- __Google BigQuery__
Fixed an issue where date objects were not handled correctly.
- __Mimecast v2__
Fixed an issue where the time calculation for the first fetch was incorrect.
- __Microsoft Graph Calendar__
Added support to authenticate using a self-deployed Azure application.

---
### Scripts

####  12 New Scripts
- __ServiceNowCreateIncident__  
This script is used to wrap the generic create-record command in ServiceNow. You can add fields that you want to create the record with as script arguments or in the code and easily work with the records.
- __ServiceNowUpdateIncident__  
This script is used to wrap the generic update-record command in ServiceNow. You can add fields that you want to update the record with as script arguments or in the code and easily work with the records.
- __ServiceNowQueryIncident__  
This script is used to wrap the generic query-table command in ServiceNow. You can add fields that you want to use as inputs and outputs from the record as script arguments or in the code and easily work with the records.
- __GetUsersOnCall__  
Retrieves users that are currently on-call.
- __LowerCidrNumAddresses__  
Checks if the number of available addresses in IPv4 CIDR is lower than the given number.
- __IPNetwork__  
Queries and returns details on CIDR for: Broadcast_address, CIDR, First_address, Last address, Max prefix len, Num addresses, Private and IP Version.
- __GetNumberOfUsersOnCall__  
Retrieves the number of users that are currently on-call.
- __GetOnCallHoursPerUser__  
Retrieves the number of on-call hours per user.
- __GetRolesPerShift__  
Retrieves roles per shift.
- __LookupCSV__  
Parses a CSV file and looks for a specific value in a specific column, returning a dict of the entire matching row. If no column value is specified, the entire CSV is read into the context.
- __CompareLists__  
Compares two lists and adds the differences to context.
- __GreaterCidrNumAddresses__  
Checks if the number of available addresses in IPv4 or IPv6 CIDR is greater than the given number.

####  5 Improved Scripts
- __FindSimilarIncidents__  
Fixed an issue where list values in context were not compared correctly when using the *similarContextKeys* argument.
- __ParseEmailFiles__  
Fixed an issue with the padding of base64 headers.
- __ZipFile__  
Added support for files with special characters in the name.
- __CSVFeedApiModule__  
Fixed an issue where the *firstseenbysource* and *lastseenbysource* fields were not formatted correctly.
- __FetchIndicatorsFromFile__  
  - Fixed an issue where the *default_type* was not assigned properly.
  - Added support for **Domain** indicator type auto-detection.

---
### Playbooks

####  13 New Playbooks
- __Isolate Endpoint - Cybereason__  
Isolates an endpoint based on the provided hostname.
- __Port Scan - Internal Source__  
Remediates port scans originating within the network.
- __Port Scan - External Source__  
Remediates port scans originating outside of the organization's network.
- __Port Scan - Generic__  
  - Investigates a port scan incident. The incident may originate from outside or within the network. The playbook.
  - Enriches the hostname and IP address of the attacking endpoint.
  - Escalates the incident in case a critical asset is involved.
  - Hunts malware associated with the alerts across the organization.
  - Blocks detected malware associated with the incident.
  - Blocks IP addresses associated with the malware, if a malicious file was involved.
  - Pivots from the attacking IP to detect and block malicious domains hosted on the IP (for an external scan).
  - Isolates the attacking endpoint (for an internal scan).
  - Allows manual blocking of ports through an email communication task.
  - If you're using one or more of the following products, make sure to configure their corresponding playbook inputs, respectively.
    - Splunk - "Splunk Indicator Hunting".
    - QRadar - "QRadar Indicator Hunting v2".
    - Palo Alto Networks Cortex Data Lake/Panorama/Autofocus/Analytics - "PANW - Hunting and threat detection by indicator type V2".
- __IP Whitelist - AWS Security Group__  
Syncs a list of IP addresses to an AWS Security Group.
- __HelloWorld Scan__  
Simulates a vulnerability scan using the "HelloWorld" sample integration. It's used to demonstrate how to use the GenericPolling mechanism to run jobs that take several seconds or minutes to complete. It is designed to be used as a sub-playbook, but you can also use it as a standalone playbook, by providing the ${Endpoint.Hostname} input in the Context.
- __IP Whitelist - GCP Firewall__  
Sets a list of IP addresses in the GCP firewall.
- __Search Endpoints By Hash - Cybereason__  
Uses Cybereason to hunt for endpoint activity by hash.
- __Smokescreen IllusionBLACK Default__  
Enriches IllusionBLACK incidents with events related to the incident.
- __Palo Alto Networks Prisma Access Whitelist Egress IPs on SaaS Services__  
Retrieves Prisma Access Egress IP for specific geographic zones and populates in security groups within cloud services.
- __Palo Alto Networks Prisma Access -  Logout User__  
Forces logout of a specific user and computer from Prisma Access.
- __Search Endpoints By Hash - Generic__  
Hunts endpoints using available tools.
- __TIM - Process CIDR Indicators By Size__  
Processes CIDR indicators of both IPV4 and IPV6. By specifying in the inputs the maximum number of hosts allowed per CIDR, the playbook tags any CIDR that exceeds the number as pending_review. If the maximum CIDR size is not specified in the inputs, the playbook does not run.

####  18 Improved Playbooks
- __TIM - ArcSight Add Domain Indicators__  
Fixed the conditional task test.
- __TIM - ArcSight Add Url Indicators__  
Fixed the conditional task test.
- __TIM - Indicator Auto Processing__  
Added a new sub-playbook, **TIM - Process CIDR Indicators By Size**.
- __TIM - ArcSight Add IP Indicators__  
Fixed the conditional task test and input name.
- __Cortex XDR - Isolate Endpoint__  
  - Added *IP* and *Hostname* inputs for the playbook.
  - Added *GenericPolling* for the isolation task status.
- __Indicator Pivoting - DomainTools Iris__  
The playbook now verifies that the integration is enabled before continuing.
- __Dedup - Generic v2__  
Fixed an issue with the *Close Duplicates* condition.
- __ExtraHop - Ticket Tracking__  
Added the *OnCall* input, which enables you to assign only users that are currently on shift.
- __Phishing Investigation - Generic__  
Added the *OnCall* input, which enables you to assign only users that are currently on shift.
- __CVE Enrichment - Generic__  
Added transformers to the *Retrieve CVE reputation* task to support multiple CVE IDs.
- __Phishing Investigation - Generic v2__  
  - Added the *OnCall* input, which enables you to assign only users that are currently on shift.
  - Fixed an issue where the playbook was not authenticating emails.
- __Access Investigation - Generic__  
Added the *OnCall* input, which enables you to assign only users that are currently on shift.
- __Cortex XDR - Port Scan__  
Added the *OnCall* input, which enables you to assign only users that are currently on shift.
- __Isolate Endpoint - Generic__  
Added a new sub-playbook **Isolate Endpoint - Cybereason**.
- __Default__  
Added the *OnCall* input, which enables you to assign only users that are currently on shift.
- __Active Directory - Get User Manager Details__  
  - Fixed an issue where the playbook would fail if the user's email address or username did not exist.
  - Improved general playbook error handling.
- __Malware Investigation - Generic__  
Added the *OnCall* input, which enables you to assign only users that are currently on shift.
- __Extract Indicators From File - Generic v2__  
Updated the playbook description.

---
### Widgets

####  4 New Widgets
- __On-Call Hours Per User__ (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5)  
Displays the number of on-call hours per user.
- __Number Of Users On-Call__ (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5)  
Displays the number of users that are currently on-call.
- __Roles Per Shift__ (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5)  
Roles per shift 24x7.
- __Users On-Call__ (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5)  
Details of the users that are currently on-call.

---
### Layouts

####  2 New Layouts
- __IllusionBLACK - Summary__ (Available from Demisto 5.0)  
Displays incident information from IllusionBLACK.
- __Port Scan - Summary__ (Available from Demisto 5.0)  
Added a layout for Port Scan incidents.