## Cortex XSOAR Release Notes for version 20.5.2 (54345)
##### Published on 26 May 2020

#### Breaking Changes
- _TrueSTAR__
Changed several arguments and outputs in **trustar-get-phishing-submissions** and **trustar-get-phishing-indicators** commands. See the **Integrations** section for full details.

**End Of Life Notice**: *Palo Alto Networks Cortex* Integration will reach end of life on May 31st. This is due to changes in the Cortex Data Lake move to a new version 2.0 API. Please make sure to use the *Cortex Data Lake* Integration instead.

### Integrations

#### 5 New Integrations
- __IllusiveNetworks__
The Illusive Attack Management API allows customers to retrieve detected incidents with a forensics timeline, attack surface insights, collect forensics on-demand, and manage a variety of operations with regard to deceptive entities, deception policies, and more.
- __Bastille Networks__
RF monitoring for wireless intrusion detection and policy enforcement. Visit https://www.bastille.net for details.
- __Logz.io__
Fetch & remediate security incidents identified by Logz.io Cloud SIEM.
- __Digital Guardian__
Use Digital Guardian Integration to fetch incidents and to programmatically add or remove entries from watchlists and component lists.
- __ThreatMiner__
Data Mining for Threat Intelligence.

#### 26 Improved Integrations
- __TruSTAR__
  - *Breaking changes:*
    - *normalized_triage_score* argument replaced by *priority_event_score* in *trustar-get-phishing-submissions* and *trustar-get-phishing-indicators* command.
    - Updated context outputs on *trustar-get-phishing-submissions* and *trustar-get-phishing-indicators*.  
    - *normalized_source_score* argument replaced by *normalized_indicator_score* in *trustar-get-phishing-indicators* command.
  - *Non Breaking changes:*
    - Fixed *from_time* description on *trustar-get-phishing-indicators* and *trustar-get-phishing-submissions* to '24 hours ago'.
    - Added -1 to list of default values in *priority_event_score* on *trustar-get-phishing-submissions*.
    - Added -1 to list of default values in *priority_event_score* and *normalized_indicator_score* on *trustar-get-phishing-indicators*.
- __Microsoft Graph Security__
Added **fetch-incidents** functionality.
- __IBM Resilient Systems__
Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-incident*** command did not pull all incidents.
- __ThreatQ v2__
Fixed an issue where indicators with custom indicator statuses, indicator types, event types and attachment types would raise an error.
- __Shodan v2__
Fixed an issue where searching for an IP address without information raised an error.
- __Jask__
Fixed an issue where a bad access to the *SourceType* key caused an error in the **jask-get-insight-details** command.
- __Whois__
Added the *Domain.Whois.QueryResult* output, which tells whether the query found a matching result.
- __Recorded Future__
Fixed an issue in **recorded-future-get-related-entities** where the command output was mishandled.
- __Kafka v2__
Added support for lz4 compressed messages.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS__
  - Added the option to list predefined applications in PAN-OS 9.X in the ***panorama-get-applications*** command using the argument *predefined*.
  - Fixed an issue where listing custom applications in PAN-OS 9.X using the ***panorama-get-applications***  command did not work properly.
  - Fixed an issue where running the ***panorama-get-url-category*** command multiple times, displayed previous results in the war room.
  - Replaced the spaces in the URL context output of the **!panorama-create-edl** command to *%20*.
- __Generic SQL__  
Fixed an issue where connecting to an MS SQL database using an encrypted connection failed.
- __Tanium__
Fixed an issue where the output of some results was malformed.
- __VirusTotal - Private API__
Fixed an issue where running file related commands would raise an error.
- __Tanium Threat Response__
Fixed an issue where ***tanium-tr-get-downloaded-file*** retrieved a malformed file.
- __URLhaus__
  - Added the *Number of retries* parameter which determines how many times a command should attempt before raising an error.
  - Fixed an issue where the ***urlhaus-download-sample*** command would raise an error in cases where results were found.
- __RTIR__
  - Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-incidents*** and ***search-tickets*** commands did not behave as expected.
  - Fixed an issue where the test module did not work as expected.
  - Added the *Fetch limit* parameter to the instance configuration, which specified the maximum number of results to fetch.
  - Added the *results_limit* argument to the ***search-tickets*** command, which specified the maximum number of results to return.
- __SplunkPy__
Added support for HTTPS handler, which uses tbhe Python **requests** library.
- __Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Service__
  - Removed the *panos_compatible* parameter. All indicators exported by this integrations will be PAN-OS compatible.
  - Added request parameters that are passed in the URL.
- __OPSWAT-Metadefender v2__
Fixed an issue where running file related commands would raise an error.
- __ServiceNow v2__
  - Added the *incident_name* parameter, to allow the user to choose the column from ServiceNow on which the fetched incidents will be named.
  - Fixed an issue where system proxy settings were always being used.
  - Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** command with attachments did not work as expected.
- __RSA Archer__
  - Fixed an issue where several commands would not work as expected in case they were performed on app ID 411.
  - Fixed an issue where type 4 fields were not displayed in ***archer-search-records*** command results.
- __Microsoft Graph Mail Single User__
Fixed an issue where some emails were not fetched as incidents.
- __Expanse__
- Added support for filtering incident creation by Expanse Exposure severity level.
- __MongoDB__
Fixed an issue when pulling an object that contains a date.
- __Azure Compute v2__
Added support to authenticate using a self-deployed Azure application.
- __Palo Alto Networks BPA__
  - Added an argument which enables you to download a Panorama report.
  - Fixed an issue where proxy settings were not handled properly.

#### Deprecated Integration
- __ServiceNow__
Use the *ServiceNow v2* integration instead (available from 5.0.0).

---
### Feeds 
**Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5**
### 4 Improved Feeds
- __Microsoft Intune Feed__
Added IPv4 and CIDR indicators to the feed.
- __Cofense Feed__  
Fixed a bug where the 'Test' button always returned a positive result.
- __AutoFocus Feed__
  - Added support for samples feed.
  - Added service mapping for indicators.
- __MITRE ATT&CK Feed__
Fixed an issue where the **insecure** and **proxy** parameters were not passed while fetching indicators.

---
### Scripts

####  2 New Scripts
- __BetweenDates__
Whether value is within a date range.
- __BetweenHours__
Checks whether the given value is within the specified time (hour) range.

#### 26 Improved Scripts
- __EmailDomainSquattingReputation__
Added support for domain arrays as a parameter, including empty domains.
- __DBotPredictOutOfTheBox__
Added the option to map automation output to out-of-the-box incidents fields.
- __GetMLModelEvaluation__
  - You can now train a model even when not reaching the minimum precision target. In case the target is not reached, the closest threshold will be returned.
  - Added support for model evaluation using different confidence thresholds for each class.
- __FilterByList__
Added a delimiter argument, which defines the character that delimits fields.
- __SetGridField__
  - Fixed an issue with a dictionary element.
  - Added support for lists of values.
  - Added support for unpacking nested elements.
  - The argument **keys** is no longer mandatory, all the keys will be taken by default.
- __DBotTrainTextClassifierV2__
Added support for model evaluation using different confidence thresholds for each class.
- __PWObservationPcapDownload__
Fixed an issue where an error was raised when only one sensor id was provided.
- __SearchIncidentsV2__
Fixed an issue where using *\\* caused a parsing error.
- __ParseEmailFiles__
  - Fixed an issue parsing EML files encoded with a BOM.
  - Fixed an issue with header parsing.
- __AssignAnalystToIncident__
Added the *onCall* argument to assign only users that are on shift.


#### 3 Deprecated Scripts
- __Elasticsearch__
Use the *Elasticsearch v2* integration instead.
- __ElasticSearchDisplay__
Use the *Elasticsearch v2* integration instead.
- __AwsGetInstanceInfo__
There is no replacement script.

---
### Playbooks

####  10 New Playbooks
- __Logz.Io Handle Alert__
Handles a Logz.io Alert by retrieving the events that generated it.
- __New York - Breach Notification__
  - This playbook helps an analyst determine if the breached data meets the criteria for breach notification according to New York State law, and, if necessary, follows through with the notification procedures.
  - DISCLAIMER: Please consult with your legal team before implementing this playbook.
  **Sources:**
    - https://ag.ny.gov/internet/data-breach
    - https://www.dos.ny.gov/consumerprotection/pdf/infosecbreach03.pdf
    - https://www.nysenate.gov/legislation/laws/GBS/899-AA
- __PAN-OS EDL Service Configuration__
  - This single-run playbook enables Cortex XSOAR built-in External Dynamic List (EDL) as a service for the system indicators, configures PAN-OS EDL Objects and the respective firewall policy rules.
  - The EDLs will continuously update for each indicator that matches the query syntax inputted in the playbook.
  - (in order to validate to which indicators the query applied, you need to enter the query syntax from the indicator tab at the top of the playbook inputs window as well).
  - If both the IP and URL indicator types exist in the query, it sorts the indicators into two EDLs, IP and URL. If only one indicator type exists in the query, only one EDL is created.
  - The playbook then creates EDL objects directing to the indicator lists and firewall policy rules in PAN-OS.
  - It is recommended to configure a dedicated EDL Service instance for the usage of this playbook.
  - In case it is needed to edit or update the EDL query after this playbook run, use the panorama-edit-edl command and panorama integration to update the URL containing the indicator query syntax.
- __PII Check - Breach Notification__
  - The playbook checks for all various types of PII, however, each state determines what is considered PII, and which PII requires notification.
  - DISCLAIMER: Please consult with your legal team before implementing this playbook.
  **Sources:**
    - http://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displaySection.xhtml?lawCode=CIV&sectionNum=1798.82
    - https://www.nysenate.gov/legislation/laws/GBS/899-AA
    and more for each state.
- __Residents Notification - Breach Notification__
This playbook is triggered by a breach notification playbook and is responsible for the resident notification process.
- __Illusive-Collect-Forensics-On-Demand__
This playbook is used to collect forensics on-demand on any compromised host and retrieve the forensics timeline upon successful collection.
- __Illusive-Retrieve-Incident__
This playbook is used for retrieving an extensive view over a detected incident by retrieving the incident details and a forensics timeline if and when forensics have been successfully collected.
- __California - Breach Notification__
  - This playbook helps an analyst determine if the breached data meets the criteria for breach notification according to California law, and, if necessary, follows through with the notification procedures.
  - DISCLAIMER: Please consult with your legal team before implementing this playbook.
  **Source:** 
    - http://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displaySection.xhtml?lawCode=CIV&sectionNum=1798.82.
- __Digital Guardian Demo Playbook__
This playbook will show how to handle an exfiltration event through Digital Guardian by emailing a user's manager and adding the user to a DG Watchlist.
- __US - Breach Notification__
This playbook is triggered by a breach notification incident and then proceeds to the breach notification playbook for the relevant state.

####  10 Improved Playbooks
- __TIM - QRadar Add IP Indicators__
Fixed task condition.
- __TIM - Run Enrichment For Hash Indicators__
Fixed input name.
- __TIM - Process Indicators - Manual Review__
Fixed a typo.
- __TIM - Run Enrichment For IP Indicators__
Fixed input name.
- __TIM - Run Enrichment For Domain Indicators__
Fixed input name.
- __TIM - Run Enrichment For Url Indicators__
Fixed input name.
- __ExtraHop - Ticket Tracking__
Searching incidents is now done using SearchIncidentsV2 instead of the deprecated SearchIncidents automation.
- __Email Address Enrichment - Generic v2.1__
Added a check that will prevent empty email addresses from being 
enriched.
- __URL Enrichment - Generic v2__  
The playbook will not stop if Rasterize fails. This improves the playbook stability when rasterizing URLs of websites that are currently down.
- __Phishing Investigation - Generic v2__
  - The playbook now uses Block Indicators - Generic v2 to block malicious indicators (off by default).
  - Replaced the deprecated SendEmail automation with the send-mail command.

---
### Incident Fields
Added incident fields for:
- __Digital Guardian__
- __Logs.Io__
- __US Breach Notification__


---
### Layouts

####  4 New Layouts
- __Digital Guardian Security Event - Summary__
- __US Breach Notification - Summary__
- __Illusive Networks Incident - Summary__
- __Logz.io Alert - Summary__


####  4 Improved Layouts
- __domainRepUnified - Indicator Details__
- Fixed an issue where Extended Details would not display the *Threat Category* and *Threat Category Confidence* fields.
- __ipRep - Indicator Details__  
- Fixed an issue where Extended Details would not display the *Threat Category* and *Threat Category Confidence* fields.
- __unifiedFileRep - Indicator Details__  
Fixed an issue where Extended Details would not display the *Threat Category* and *Threat Category Confidence* fields.
- __urlRep - Indicator Details__  
Fixed an issue where Extended Details would not display the *Threat Category* and *Threat Category Confidence* fields.

---
### Classification & Mapping

####  3 New Classification & Mapping
- __Logz.io__
- __Digital Guardian__
- __IllusiveNetworks__

---
### Reputations
  - The **CVE CVSS Score** indicator type is only available in Demisto version 4.5.x and earlier.
  - Fixed an issue where the "::" string was extracted as an IPv6 address.
  - Added the **expiration** field, which defines when indicators of this type expire (in minutes). The default value is 10,080 (7 days). Available from Demisto v5.5.
  - Added support for non english languages.
  - Changed mapping of custom fields to retrieve data from Whois context. 
  - Fixed the transformer to properly set the *Internal* field.