# Cortex XSOAR Content Release Notes for version 20.6.0 (56612)
##### Published on 09 June 2020

Welcome to the 20.6.0 Content release for Cortex XSOAR. Starting with this release we are restructuring our release notes to be based upon **Content Packs**. One of our team's top priorities is making our Content more accessible and understandable for both users and contributors. In this effort, we recently moved our [Content repo](https://github.com/demisto/content) to work in Packs format were there is a clear separation and grouping of Content artifacts. Each Content Pack provides a clear grouping of related Content artifacts used to either implement a use case, implement an integration or provide a clear set of functionality. Our new release notes are structured around Content Packs and you will see related Content artifacts grouped together according to Packs. We hope you will find this new format useful and clear.

---
### End Of Life Notice 
The following Integrations were deprecated on Nov 2019:  
- **Azure Compute**
- **Azure Security Center**

These integrations will reach the end of life on July 31, 2020, due to changes to the back-end authentication services needed for these Integrations. Use the **Azure Compute v2** and **Azure Security Center v2** Integrations instead.

---


### New: Carbon Black Cloud Enterprise EDR Pack v1.0.0

#### Integrations
##### Carbon Black Enterprise EDR
VMware Carbon Black Enterprise EDR is an advanced threat hunting and incident response solution delivering continuous visibility for top security operations centers (SOCs) and incident response (IR) teams. (formerly known as ThreatHunter)

---

### New: Cortex XDR - IOC Pack v1.0.0
#### Integrations
##### Cortex XDR - IOC
Use the Cortex XDR - IOCs feed integration to sync indicators from Cortex XSOAR to Cortex XDR and back to Cortex XSOAR. Cortex XDR is the world's first detection and response app that natively integrates network, endpoint and cloud data to stop sophisticated attacks.

---

### New: Humio Pack v1.0.0

#### Integrations
##### Humio
Integrate with Humio. Humio operates as a time-series logging and aggregation platform designed for unrestricted and comprehensive event analysis.

##### Playbooks
###### Humio QueryJob Poll
Run and poll a Humio Query Job.

---

### Active Directory Query Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __Active Directory Query v2__  
Improved parsing of custom attributes in the ***ad-get-user*** command.

---

### Awake Security Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __Awake Security__  
Fixed an issue where the context did not update properly for the ***awake-query-activities***, ***awake-query-devices***, and ***awake-query-activities*** commands.

---

### Base Pack v1.0.6
#### Scripts
##### __CommonServerPython__  
- Fixed IPv4 regex to only catch IPv4 addresses, not CIDR ranges.
- Added the *auto_detect_indicator_type* function to indicate the type of indicator.
- Added the **Endpoint** Common class.
- Updated the *handle_proxy* function to remove relevant environment variables when either the *unsecure* or *insecure* parameters are set.
- Improved logging when running with the *debug-mode* argument.
- Added support for the CVE indicator class.
##### CommonServerPowerShell
Removed override of the *Write-Output* function.

---

### CVE Search Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __CVE Search v2__  
Added DBot score to the ***cve*** command.

---

### Carbon Black Defense Pack v1.1.0

#### Integrations
##### __Carbon Black Defense__  
Fixed a bug in the ***cbd-find-events*** command where hash arguments were not processed correctly.

---

### Carbon Black Enterprise Live Response Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __Carbon Black Enterprise Live Response__  
Fixed an error when pulling a file in the ***get-file-from-endpoint*** command.

---

### Carbon Black Enterprise Response Pack v1.0.3

#### Integrations
##### __Carbon Black Enterprise Response__  
- Added new context outputs for the ***cb-get-processes*** command:
    - **File.Name**
    - **File.MD5**
    - **File.Path**
    - **Endpoint.Hostname**
- Fixed an issue where the file context did not behave as expected in the ***cb-get-processes*** command.
    

---

### Check Point Firewall Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __Check Point__  
Added the **command** argument in the ***checkpoint*** command. This argument is the command to run in the firewall.

---

### Cofense Feed Pack v1.0.2

#### Integrations
##### __Cofense Feed__  
- Fixed a bug where the **Test** button always returned a positive 
result.
- Removed the **phish** threat type .

---

### Cofense Triage Pack v1.1.0
#### Integrations
##### __Cofense Triage__  
Deprecated - Use **Cofense Triage v2** instead (available from 5.0.0).
##### __Cofense Triage v2__  
Added support for the ***cofense-get-report-png-by-id*** and ***cofense-get-threat-indicators*** commands.

---


### Common Scripts Pack v1.1.3
#### Scripts 
__ParseEmailFiles__ 
- Fixed an issue parsing EML files encoded with a BOM.  
- Fixed an issue with header parsing.

##### __SetGridField__  
- Fixed an issue with a dictionary element.
- Added support for lists of values.
- Added support for unpacking nested elements.
- The *keys* argument is no longer mandatory, all the keys will be taken by default.
##### __IsIPInRanges__  
Added private IP address ranges.
##### __GetTime__  
Added support for subtracting days and years from the current date using the *daysAgo* and *yearsAgo* arguments.  

---

### Cortex Data Lake Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __Cortex Data Lake__  
Fixed a bug in the ***cdl-query-logs*** command when no records are found for a given query.

---

### CrowdStrike Falcon Streaming Pack v1.0.2

#### Integrations
##### __CrowdStrike Falcon Streaming v2__  
The integration is now GA.

---

### Demisto REST API Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __Demisto REST API__  
Fixed an issue in which URL endpoints given with a forward slash character as prefix were not processed as expected. 

---

### Elasticsearch Feed Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### __Elasticsearch Feed__  
Fixed an issue where the integration would handle **Generic Feed** as **Cortex XSOAR Feed**.


---

### Expanse Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __Expanse__  
Added support for filtering incident creation by the Expanse Exposure severity level.

---

### FalconHost Pack v1.1.0

#### Integrations
##### __FalconHost__  
Added support for 3 commands from the Threat Graph API:
  - ***cs-threatgraph-summary***
  - ***cs-threatgraph-processes***
  - ***cs-threatgraph-detections***

---

### Fidelis Elevate Network Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __Fidelis Elevate Network__  
Fixed file download functionality in the ***fidelis-download-malware-file*** command.

---

### FireEye Helix Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __FireEyeHelix__  
Fixed an issue in the ***fireeye-helix-search*** command where the *headers* argument was not processed as expected.

---

### FortiSIEM Pack v1.0.0

#### Integrations
##### __FortiSIEM__  
Fixed an issue where authentication did not work properly.

---

### IBM Resilient Systems Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __IBM Resilient Systems__  
Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-incident*** command did not pull all incidents.

---

### JsonWhoIs Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __JsonWhoIs__  
Prints an error when an error is returned from the API.

---

### MITRE ATT&CK Pack v1.0.2

#### Integrations
##### __MITRE ATT&CK__  
Fixed an issue where the *insecure* and *proxy* parameters were not passed while fetching indicators.

#### IndicatorTypes
##### __reputation-mitreAttck.json__  
Added the ***mitre-reputation*** command under the MITRE indicator type.

---

### Microsoft Defender Advanced Threat Protection Pack v1.1.0

#### Integrations
##### __Microsoft Defender Advanced Threat Protection__  
Added support to authenticate using a self-deployed Azure application.

---

### Microsoft Graph Mail Single User Pack v1.0.2

#### Integrations
##### __Microsoft Graph Mail Single User__  
Fixed an issue in which some emails were not fetched as incidents.

---

### Microsoft Graph Security Pack v2.0.0

#### Integrations
##### __Microsoft Graph__  
Added fetch-incidents functionality and a unit test.


---


### Microsoft Teams Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __Microsoft Teams__  
Improved error handling.

---

### Mimecast Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __MimecastV2__  
Fixed parsing of responses for the ***create-mimecast-incident*** command.

---

### MongoDB Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __MongoDB__  
Fixed an issue when pulling a object that contains a date.

---

### PAN-OS Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### __Panorama__ 
- Replaced the spaces in the URL context output of the ***panorama-create-edl*** command to *%20*.   
- POST request parameters are now passed in the request body, not the URI.

---

### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Service Pack v1.0.2

#### Integrations
##### __EDL__  
Added request parameters passed in the URL.

#### Playbooks
##### __PAN-OS EDL Service Configuration__  
 Added a new playbook to the EDL pack - **EDL Service Configuration**. It is a single-run playbook that enables Cortex XSOAR's built-in External Dynamic List (EDL) as a service with PAN-OS native EDL Objects to create firewall policy rules that continuously updates with Cortex XSOAR built-in indicator managment cpabilities.

---

### Palo Alto Networks WildFire Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __WildFire-v2__  
Fixed an issue in which the ***wildfire-get-sample*** command returned the wrong filename.

---

### Phishing Pack v1.2.0
#### Layouts
##### __Phishing__  
Removed custom fields that raised warnings from the incident Quick View layout.

#### Playbooks
##### __Phishing - Core__  
- Fixed an issue where URL screenshots did not display in the layout.
- Streamlined the playbook by merging two conditions to a single condition.

---

### Prisma Cloud Pack v1.1.0

#### Playbooks
##### __Prisma Cloud Remediation - GCP VPC Network Misconfiguration__  
 New Prisma Cloud remediations:
  - GCP Default Firewall rule should not have any rules (except http and https)
  - GCP Firewall with Inbound rule overly permissive to All Traffic
##### __Prisma Cloud Remediation - GCP VPC Network Firewall Misconfiguration__  
New Prisma Cloud remediations:
  - GCP Default Firewall rule should not have any rules (except http and https)
  - GCP Firewall with Inbound rule overly permissive to All Traffic

---

### ProtectWise Pack v1.0.0
#### Scripts
##### __PWObservationPcapDownload__  
Fixed an issue where an error was raised when only one sensor ID was provided.

---

### RTIR Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __RTIR__  
Improved parsing of ticket history and ticket links.

---

### Recorded Future Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __Recorded Future__  
Fixed an issue in output from the ***recorded-future-get-related-entities*** command was mishandled.


---

### Red Canary Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __RedCanary__  
  - Removed timeline details for a detection fetched as an incident.
  - Fixed an issue in which acknowledged detections were fetched as incidents.


---

### ServiceNow Pack v1.1.2

#### Integrations
##### __ServiceNow v2__  
- Added the *incident_name* parameter, which enables the user to choose the column from ServiceNow on which the fetched incidents will be named.
- Fixed an issue where system proxy settings were always being used.
- Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** command did not work as expected when it included attachments.
- Fixed the timestamp field parameter description.
- Fixed an issue in which the **ServiceNow ticket column to be set as the incident name** parameter was not initialized with the default value as expected.

---

### Shodan Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __Shodan_v2__  
Fixed an issue in which searching for an IP address without information raised an error.

---

### Signal Sciences WAF Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __Signal Sciences WAF__  
Added verification to the *Corporation Name* parameter to match the required pattern.

---

### Silverfort Pack v1.0.1

#### Playbooks
##### __Silverfort Update Risk for Domain Admins Incidents__
##### __Silverfort Disable High Risk Account__  

---

### Slack Pack v1.2.0

#### Integrations
##### __SlackV2__  
Updated default integration parameter to new brand name Palo Alto Networks XSOAR (formerly Demisto).

#### Scripts
##### __SlackAsk__  
Added an option to include which user responded and what the response was.

---

### Stealthwatch Cloud Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __Stealthwatch Cloud__  
Fixed an issue where the ***sw-update-alert*** command was not updating the alert as expected.

---

### SumoLogic Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
##### __SumoLogic__  
Changed the integration image from CSV to PNG. 


---

### Symantec Data Loss Prevention (Beta) Pack v1.1.0

#### Integrations
##### Symantec Data Loss Prevention
* Updated the Docker image.
* Improved cached DB initialization to support off-line deployments.
* Fixed parsing incidents with missing fields.

---

### TIM - Processing Pack v1.1.1
#### Playbooks
##### New: __TIM - Indicators Exclusion By Related Incidents__  
##### __TIM - Indicator Auto Processing__  
Added a sub-playbook for Whois.

---

### ThreatMiner Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### __ThreatMiner__  
Fixed a bug in the ***ip*** command when searching for IP addresses that don't have reports in ThreatMiner.


---

### ThreatQ Pack v1.0.2

##### Integrations
##### __ThreatQ v2__  
Fixed an issue where indicators were duplicated in the context data.


---

### US - Breach Notification Pack v1.0.2

#### Playbooks
##### __Residents Notification - Breach Notification__  
Changed the playbook input "AutoNotification" to False
##### __US - Breach Notification__  
Added a new sub-playbook "Illinois - Breach Notification"


#### Layout
##### __layout-edit-US_Breach_Notification.json__  
Added the "New \ Edit Form".



---

### Whois Pack v1.0.2

#### Playbooks
##### New: __TIM - Process Domain registrant With Whois__  
Uses several sub playbooks to process and tag indicators based on the results of the Whois tool.
##### New: __TIM - Process Domain Age With Whois__  
This playbook compares the domain registrant against the Cortex XSOAR list of approved registrants provided in the inputs. A registrant is the company or entity that owns the domain.
##### New: __TIM - Process Domains With Whois__  
This playbook compares the domain creation time against a provided time value such as one month ago. The period can be configured within the playbook inputs MinimumAgeOfDomainMonths or MinimumAgeOfDomainHours. The playbook calculates the timestamp for the relevant period and compares it to the domain creation time value provided by Whois. The domains are outputted accordingly if they were created before or after the compared time, respectively.


