# Cortex XSOAR Content Release Notes for version 21.7.1 (6599120)
##### Published on 18 July 2021

### Breaking Changes
The following pack includes breaking changes:
- [Cofense Feed Pack v1.0.10](#cofense-feed-pack-v1010)
- [Gurucul Risk Analytics Pack v1.1.1 (Partner Supported)](#gurucul-risk-analytics-pack-v111-partner-supported)
- [Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Service Pack v2.1.0](#palo-alto-networks-pan-os-edl-service-pack-v210)


### New: Abnormal Security Pack v1.0.0 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### Abnormal Security
Abnormal Security detects the whole spectrum of email attacks, from vendor email compromise and spear-phishing to unwanted email spam and graymail. To stop these advanced attacks, Abnormal leverages the industry’s most advanced behavioral data science to baseline known good behavior and detects anomalies.


---

### New: Altipeak Pack v1.0.0 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### Safewalk Management
Safewalk server integration
##### Safewalk Reports
Safewalk server integration


---

### New: ArcannaAI Pack v1.0.0 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### Arcanna.AI
Arcanna integration for using the power of AI in SOC
#### Playbooks
##### Arcanna-Generic-Investigation
Automatically triage alert using Arcanna.Ai Machine Learning capabilities closing or assign incidents to analysts based on ML decision
#### Scripts
##### PrepareArcannaRawJson
Loads a json from string input, and returns a json escaped result.


---

### New: CircleCI Pack v1.0.0
#### Integrations
##### CircleCI
Gets the details of the CircleCI workflows; including the details of the last runs and the jobs, and retrieves the artifacts of the jobs.


---

### New: Cofense Intelligence v2 Pack v1.0.0 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### Cofense Intelligence v2
Use the Cofense Intelligence integration to check the reputation of URLs, IP addresses, file hashes, and email addresses.


---

### New: Covalence For Security Providers Pack v1.0.0 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### Covalence For Security Providers
Triggers by any alert from endpoint, cloud, and network security monitoring, with mitigation steps where applicable. Query Covalence for more detail.


---

### New: Covalence Managed Security Pack v1.0.0 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### Covalence Managed Security
Triggers by triaged alerts from endpoint, cloud, and network security monitoring. Contains event details and easy-to-follow mitigation steps.


---

### New: Cybersixgill-DVE Pack v1.0.0 (Partner Supported)
#### Indicator Fields
##### CVSS 2.0 score
CVSS 2.0 score
##### CVSS 2.0 Severity
CVSS 2.0 Severity
##### CVSS 3.1 score
CVSS 3.1 score
##### CVSS 3.1 severity
CVSS 3.1 severity
##### Sixgill_Event Action
Event Action
##### Sixgill_Event Datetime
Event Datetime
##### Sixgill_Event Description
Event Description
##### Sixgill_Event Name
Event Name
##### Sixgill_Event Type
Event Type
##### External Id
External Id
##### NVD Last Modified Date
NVD Last Modified Date
##### NVD Link
NVD Link
##### NVD Publication Date
NVD Publication Date
##### NVD Vector - v 2.0
NVD Vector - v 2.0
##### NVD Vector - v 3.1
NVD Vector - v 3.1
##### Previous level
Previous level
##### Sixgill DVE Score - Current
Sixgill DVE Score - Current
##### Sixgill DVE Score - Highest Ever
Sixgill DVE Score - Highest Ever
##### Sixgill DVE Score - Highest Ever Date
Sixgill DVE Score - Highest Ever Date
##### Sixgill - Previously Exploited Probability
Sixgill - Previously Exploited Probability
#### Integrations
##### Cybersixgill DVE Enrichment
By enriching CVEs with the DVE Score, Cortex XSOAR customers gain deeper visibility with relevant threat intel from the deep and dark web with dynamic attributes such as where they are trending, POC exploit details, and more. Loaded with extra-context, this allows users to accurately understand the real impact of CVEs to effectively prioritize critical vulnerabilities.
##### Cybersixgill DVE Feed Threat Intelligence v2
The Cybersixgill Dynamic Vulnerability Exploit (DVE) Score is based on the most comprehensive collection of vulnerability-related threat intelligence and is the only solution that provides users total context and predicts the immediate risks of a vulnerability based on threat actors’ intent. Cortex XSOAR users can track threats stemming from CVEs that most others define as irrelevant and have a higher probability of being exploited via their Cortex XSOAR dashboard.


---

### New: Dig Pack v1.0.0 (Community Contributed)
#### Scripts
##### Dig
DNS lookup utility to provide 'A' and 'PTR' record 


---

### New: Edgescan Pack v1.0.0 (Community Contributed)
#### Incident Fields
- **Edgescan Altered score**

- **Edgescan CVES**

- **Edgescan CVSS Score**

- **Edgescan CVSS V2 Score**

- **Edgescan CVSS V2 Vector**

- **Edgescan CVSS Vector**

- **Edgescan CVSS Version**

- **Edgescan PCI Compliance Status**

- **Edgescan Confidence**

- **Edgescan Layer**

- **Edgescan Risk**

#### Integrations
##### Edgescan
Cloud-based continuous vulnerability management and penetration testing solution.


---

### New: Hey Pack v1.0.0
#### Scripts
##### Hey
Use rakyll/hey to test a web application with a load of requests.


---

### New: RSS Feed Pack v1.0.0
#### Indicator Fields
##### RSS Feed Raw Content

#### Integrations
##### RSS Feed
RSS Feed reader can ingest new items as report indicators.
#### Playbooks
##### Extract and Create Relationships
Extract and enrich indicators
##### RSS Create Indicators From Report
The playbook:
1. Extracts indicators from Threat intel reports.
2. Creates relationships between the extracted indicators and the report.
3. Runs enrich indicators command on the extracted indicators. 

Cortex XSOAR recommends that you configure a job to execute this playbook. 

1. Configure a job that will run the *RSS Create Indicators From Report* playbook. 
      1. Select the *Triggered by delta in feed* option.
      2. Select the feed on which to run the job.
   

2. Configure input to the *RSS Create Indicators From Report* playbook:
   
    - From the context data input: Tag name - the indicator will be tagged with this value when the playbook finishes processing and all the indicators are extracted and relationships created.
   
    - From the indicators: Create a query to include only new report indicators that were not processed yet. Recommended query: "type:Report -tags:{Tag name configured from the context data input} -tags:in_process". 
   The playbook tags all indicators with the "in_process" tag when it starts running, and removes the tag when the playbook ends.
   If you want the playbook to run on a specific instance (a specific feed), add the following filter to the query: *sourceInstances:"{the selected instance}"*.

Note that if you selected the *Triggered by delta in feed* option when configuring the Job, the “Run only on new and modified indicators” playbook option is automatically selected.



---

### New: RemoveEmpty Pack v1.0.0 (Community Contributed)
#### Scripts
##### RemoveEmpty
Remove empty items from the array.


---

### New: ReversingLabs TitaniumScale Pack v1.0.0 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### ReversingLabs TitaniumScale
ReversingLabs advanced file decomposition appliance.


---

### New: System Diagnostics and Health Check Pack v1.0.0 (Community Contributed)
#### Incident Fields
- **Health Check Actionable Items**

- **Health Check Docker Containers**

- **Health Check Docker Paused**

- **Health Check Docker Running**

- **Health Check Docker Stop**

- **Health Check Docker Version**

- **Health Check Enabled Instances**

- **Health Check Installed Packs**

- **Health Check Investigations bigger than 10MB**

- **Health Check Investigations bigger than 1MB**

- **Health Check Investigations input / output bigger than 10MB**

- **Health Check Investigations input / output bigger than 1MB**

- **Health Check Large Files**

- **Health Check Log Since**

- **Health Check Log Until**

- **Health Check Number Of Engines**

- **Health Check Number of investigations bigger than 10MB**

- **Health Check Number of investigations bigger than 1MB**

- **Health Check Number of investigations input / output bigger than 10MB**

- **Health Check Number of investigations input / output bigger than 1MB**

- **Health Check Number of investigations with more than 500 entries**

- **Health Check Permitted Users**

- **Health Check Restart Count**

- **Health Check Total Outdated Packs**

- **Health Check Total Packs Installed**

- **Health Check Used Users**

- **Health Check Workers Busy**

- **Health Check Workers Total**

- **XSOAR Architecture**

- **XSOAR Build**

- **XSOAR CPU**

- **XSOAR Content Version**

- **XSOAR Customer Name**

- **XSOAR DR**

- **XSOAR Dev-Prod**

- **XSOAR Dev-Prod Mode**

- **XSOAR Elastic Search**

- **XSOAR License**

- **XSOAR License Valid Till**

- **XSOAR Memory**

- **XSOAR Multi-Repo**
XSOAR Multi Repo Flag
- **XSOAR Multi-Tenant**

- **XSOAR Number Of DB Partitions**

- **XSOAR OS**

- **XSOAR Server Configuration**

- **XSOAR Telemetry Status**

- **XSOAR Version**

#### Incident Types
- **System Diagnostics and Health Check**

#### Layouts
- **System Diagnostics and Health Check**
(Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0)
#### Playbooks
##### HealthCheck
New version for HealthCheck main playbook
##### Health Check - Collect Log Bundle
Collect Log bundle and parse data

Holding the default Thresholds:
{
	"LargeInvestigations": {
		"numberofincidentswithmorethan500entries": 300,
		"numberofincidentsbiggerthan10mb": 1,
		"numberofincidentsbiggerthan1mb": 300
	},
	"LargeInputsOutputs": {
		"numberofincidentsIObiggerthan10mb": 1,
		"numberofincidentsIObiggerthan1mb": 10
	},
	"Indicators": {
		"relatedIndicatorCount": 100
	},
	"CPU": {
		"CPUHighUsage": 90,
		"CPULowUsage": 30,
		"CPUMediumUsage": 70
	},
	"Disk": {
		"DiskUsageHigh": 90,
		"DiskUsageMedium": 80,
		"DiskUsageLow": 70,
		"DiskUsageDailyIncrease": 2
	},
	"Docker": {
		"DockerContainerCPUUsage": 10,
		"DockerContainerRAMUsage": 10
	},
	"DB": {
		"FSPartitionsMedium": 12,
		"FSPartitionsLow": 6
	},
	"Playbooks": {
		"CustomPlaybookLength": 30,
		"CustomPlaybookSetIncidentCount": 4,
		"CustomPlaybookDeprecatedScriptIds": [
			"Sleep",
			"EmailAskUser"
		]
	},
	"Incidents": {
		"NumberOfDroppedIncidents": 2000
	}
}
##### Health Check - Log Analysis Read All files
Parse files
#### Scripts
##### HealthCheckAnalyzeLargeInvestigations
Analyze large investigation from previous month until current month.
##### HealthCheckCPU
Present or parse CPU usage stats.
##### HealthCheckCommonIndicators
Reports on common indicators
##### HealthCheckContainersStatus
Containers status
##### HealthCheckDiskUsage
Present or parse Disk usage stats.
##### HealthCheckDiskUsageLine
Present Disk usage stats line widget
##### HealthCheckDockerLog
Read docker log file
##### HealthCheckFileSystem
read and parse filesystem.log
##### HealthCheckGetLargestInputsAndOutputsInIncidents
Returns inputs and outputs larger than 1 MB from all Cortex XSOAR investigations in the last 1 / 2 months.
##### HealthCheckIncidentsCreatedDaily
Trend graph for incidents created per day
##### HealthCheckIncidentsCreatedMonthly
Trend graph for incidents created per month
##### HealthCheckIncidentsCreatedWeekly
Trend graph for incident creation
##### HealthCheckInstalledPacks
Read the installedpacks.json. 

Count and get packs names
##### HealthCheckIntegrations
Trend graph for incidents created per day
##### HealthCheckLicenseData
Read the license_data.log file extracted from the log bundle
##### HealthCheckMemory
Present or analyze memory usage
##### HealthCheckNumberOfDroppedIncidents
Number of dropped incidents
##### HealthCheckNumberOfEngines
Presenting Number of engines
##### HealthCheckOutdatedPacks
Presenting Outdated Packs
##### HealthCheckPacksInstalled
Presenting numbers of packs installed
##### HealthCheckPlaybookAnalysis
Parsing playbooks
##### HealthCheckReadConf
Read the license_data.log file extracted from the log bundle
##### HealthCheckReadTemeletryLog
Read Telemtry log
##### HealthCheckReadVC
Read the version_control.log file extracted from the log bundle
##### HealthCheckServerConfiguration
Collect server configurations and save that into a table field
##### HealthCheckServerLog
Read server log file line by line and display warnings, fatal errors and keyword results in a table to the war room
##### HealthCheckUnpack
Extract files from log bundle - supports tar.gz & tar 

handle unsupported use cases and unextracted files. 
##### HealthCheckWorkers
Present or analyze workers usage


---

### New: Trend Micro Deep Security Pack v1.0.0
#### Integrations
##### Trend Micro Deep Security
Cloud Security Protection


---

### AbuseIPDB Pack v1.0.6
#### Integrations
##### AbuseIPDB
- Added outputs to **ip** and **abuseipdb-check-cidr-block** commands.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

#### Scripts
##### AbuseIPDBPopulateIndicators
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Accessdata Pack v1.0.3 (Partner Supported)
#### Scripts
##### AccessdataCheckProcessExistsInSnapshot
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Active Directory Query Pack v1.2.1
#### Integrations
##### Active Directory Query v2
- Added the option to get user by the *sAMAccountName* in the ***ad-get-user*** command.
- Added support for updating the *OU*, *Email*, *Manager* and *Manager Email* attributes in the ***iam-update-user*** command.
- Added support for customizing fields mapping differently in the ***iam-create-user*** and the ***iam-update-user*** commands.

#### Mappers
##### User Profile - Active Directory (Outgoing)
- Added the *Manager* field.
- Updated the *CN* field mapping to be calculated by the *Given Name* and *Surname* fields.
- Updated the mapper to use the **User Profile - Create** and **User Profile - Update** incident types.

#### Scripts
##### ADGetUser
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### UserEnrichAD
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### SendEmailToManager
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Advanced Filter Pack v1.1.5 (Community Contributed)
#### Scripts
##### ExtFilter
- Fixed an issue where None returns as the result.

---

### Aella Star Light Pack v1.0.2 (Community Contributed)
#### Integrations
##### Aella Star Light
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### AlgoSec Pack v1.0.1
#### Scripts
##### AlgosecGetApplications
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### AlgosecCreateTicket
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### AlgosecQuery
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### AlgosecGetTicket
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### AlgosecGetNetworkObject
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### AlienVault OTX Pack v1.1.5
#### Integrations
##### AlienVault OTX v2
- Fixed an issue where the ***ip*** command failed when the provided IP address was not found in Alienvault.
- Fixed an issue where malformed data was not handled gracefully.

---

### ArcSight XML Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### ArcSight XML
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Atlassian Confluence Server Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### Atlassian Confluence Server
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Atlassian IAM Pack v1.1.0
#### Integrations
##### Atlassian IAM
- Added the *Allow enabling users* integration parameter.
- Added support for customizing fields mapping differently in the ***iam-create-user*** and the ***iam-update-user*** commands.

---

### Atlassian Jira Pack v1.3.5
#### Scripts
##### JiraCreateIssue-example
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Attivo Botsink Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### Attivo Botsink
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### AutoFocus Pack v1.3.5
#### Integrations
##### AutoFocus Feed
- Documentation and metadata improvements.
- Documentation and metadata improvements.

##### AutoFocus Daily Feed
- Documentation and metadata improvements.

##### Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus v2
- Documentation and metadata improvements.

---

### Base Pack v1.13.3
#### Scripts
##### SanePdfReports
- Docker image has been updated to: *demisto/sane-pdf-reports:1.0.0.22268*.
- Experimental pie chart labels support
- Optional table headers styling
- Markdown text alignment and styling support
- Duration section improvements

##### CreateIndicatorRelationship
- Fixed an issue where the *File* argument was misspelled.

##### CommonServerPowerShell
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/powershell:7.1.3.22028*.

##### DBotTrainClustering
Fixed the number of clusters selected.
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### CommonServerPython
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.
- Added an iterator for the **IndicatorsSearcher** class.
- Updated the Docker image to: demisto/python:2.7.18.20958.
- Improved sensitive data masking in the logger object. This fixes the case that JSON encoded strings of sensitive data were sometimes not obfuscated.

##### DBotFindSimilarIncidents
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/ml:1.0.0.21456*.

##### DBotMLFetchData
- Added BERT-based representation to the output.
- Updated the Docker image to: demisto/fetch-data:1.0.0.22177.

##### CheckDockerImageAvailable
- Updated the Docker image to: demisto/python:2.7.18.20958.

##### DBotShowClusteringModelInfo
- Updated the Docker image to: demisto/python3:3.9.5.22665.

##### DBotSuggestClassifierMapping
- Updated the Docker image to: demisto/python:2.7.18.20958.

##### HighlightWords
- Updated the Docker image to: demisto/python:2.7.18.20958.

---

### BigFix Pack v1.0.5
#### Integrations
##### BigFix
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### BitDam Pack v1.0.2 (Community Contributed)
#### Integrations
##### BitDam
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.22665*.

---

### Box Pack v2.1.3
#### Integrations
##### Box v2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/pyjwt3:1.0.0.19327*.

---

### C2sec irisk Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### C2sec irisk
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.22665*.

---

### Carbon Black Enterprise Response Pack v2.1.1
#### Integrations
##### VMware Carbon Black EDR (Deprecated)
- Deprecated. Use VMware Carbon Black EDR v2 instead.

#### Scripts
##### CBFindIP
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### CBLiveFetchFiles
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### CBLiveGetFile
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### CBWatchlists
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### CBAlerts
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Censys Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### Censys
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Centreon Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### Centreon
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Check Point Firewall Pack v2.0.11
#### Scripts
##### CheckpointFWCreateBackup
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### CheckPointDownloadBackup
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.22665*.

##### CheckpointFWBackupStatus
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Check Point Sandblast Cloud Services Pack v1.0.2
#### Scripts
##### SbUpload
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### SbQuota
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### SbDownload
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### SbQuery
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### CheckPhish Pack v1.0.3
#### Integrations
##### CheckPhish
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Cisco Threat Grid Pack v1.2.6
#### Integrations
##### Cisco Threat Grid
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Cisco Umbrella Investigate Pack v1.0.5
#### Integrations
##### Cisco Umbrella Investigate
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Cisco WebEx Feed Pack v1.1.3 (Community Contributed)
#### Integrations
##### Cisco WebEx Feed
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/btfl-soup:1.0.1.20928*.

---

### Cofense Feed Pack v1.0.10
#### Integrations
##### Cofense Feed
- Fixed an issue where duplicate indicators were created when exporting the indicators table to CSV. This change may cause breaking changes due to the removal of the *name* field from the mapping of the indicators.

---

### Cofense Intelligence Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### Cofense Intelligence (Deprecated)
Deprecated. Use **Cofense Intelligence v2** instead.

---

### Common Playbooks Pack v1.9.10
#### Playbooks
##### Extract Indicators From File - Generic v2 - Test
- Fixed an issue where the playbook would not extract indicators from files of type **message/rfc822**.

---

### Common Scripts Pack v1.4.6
#### Scripts
##### ExtractIndicatorsFromTextFile
Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### New: ParseHTMLIndicators
- This script will extract indicators from given HTML and will handle bad top-level domains to avoid false positives caused by file extensions. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).

##### ParseEmailFiles
- Fixed an issue where some MIME encoded words were not decoded properly.
- Added **multipart/alternative** to the supported formats.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.
- Added **multipart/mixed** to the supported formats.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.22912*.

##### VerifyJSON
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/powershell:7.1.3.22028*.

##### ReadPDFFileV2
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/readpdf:1.0.0.19258*.

##### NumberOfPhishingAttemptPerUser
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

##### ExtractIndicatorsFromWordFile
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.

##### SetAndHandleEmpty
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

##### CopyNotesToIncident
- Fixed an issue where the automation failed to copy the notes.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

##### AssignAnalystToIncident
- Added the ability to exclude users who are currently set to `away` when using random owner assign.

##### GetDuplicatesMlv2
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.

##### CompareIncidentsLabels
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### CopyContextToField
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### ProductJoin
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.22665*.

##### RepopulateFiles
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### DumpJSON
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### ConvertToSingleElementArray
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

##### DT
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### PortListenCheck
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### GetDockerImageLatestTag
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### FileToBase64List
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### CalculateTimeDifference
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### GetIndicatorDBotScore
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### ReadFile
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### InRange
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### HTTPListRedirects
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### Cut
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### EncodeToAscii
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### FilterByList
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### IdentifyAttachedEmail
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### JSONtoCSV
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### ParseCSV
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### ReverseList
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### ResolveShortenedURL
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### StopTimeToAssignOnOwnerChange
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### IsInternalHostName
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.22665*.

##### SetIfEmpty
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### StripChars
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.22665*.

##### SetByIncidentId
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### PopulateCriticalAssets
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.22665*.

##### URLSSLVerification
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Common Types Pack v3.1.6
#### Incident Fields
- **Process Name**
- **Process Path**
- **Resource Type**
- Associated the following fields with the CarbonBlackEDR incident type:
   - **Username**
   -**Event Descriptions**
   - **Device Id**

#### Indicator Fields
#### Layouts
- **Email Indicator**
- Fixed an issue where the Additional Details tab was missing from the layout.

- **IP Indicator**
- Fixed an issue where the Additional Details tab was missing from the layout.

- **File Indicator**
- Fixed an issue where the Additional Details tab was missing from the layout.

- **URL Indicator**
- Fixed an issue where the Additional Details tab was missing from the layout.

- **Domain Indicator**
- Fixed an issue where the Additional Details tab was missing from the layout.

---

### Content Management (Alpha) Pack v1.0.1
#### Playbooks
##### Configuration Setup
- Fixed an issue where the playbook failed to fetch the configuration file from GitHub.

---

### CounterTack Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### CounterTack
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### CrowdStrike Falcon Streaming Pack v1.0.17
#### Scripts
##### CrowdStrikeStreamingPreProcessing
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Cuckoo Sandbox Pack v1.0.2
#### Scripts
##### CuckooGetScreenshot
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### CuckooDisplayReport
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### CuckooDetonateURL
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### CuckooDetonateFile
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### CuckooGetReport
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### CuckooTaskStatus
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Cyber Triage Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### Cyber Triage
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Cybereason Pack v1.0.10
#### Integrations
##### Cybereason
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

#### Scripts
##### CybereasonPreProcessingExample
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Cylance Protect Pack v1.0.7
#### Integrations
##### Cylance Protect v2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/pyjwt:1.0.0.19034*.
- Added the **cylance-protect-get-device-by-hostname** command.

---

### D2 Pack v1.0.1
#### Scripts
##### O365SearchEmails
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### RegCollectValues
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### RegProbeBasic
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### Autoruns
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### RegPathReputationBasicLists
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### D2Remove
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Demisto REST API Pack v1.1.5
#### Scripts
##### DemistoUploadFileToIncident
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Developer Tools Pack v1.1.7
#### Integrations
##### New: Create-Mock-Feed-Relationships
- Create mock feeds of type IP, Domain, URL, or File in your XSOAR environment.

##### XSOAR Powershell Testing
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/powershell-ubuntu:7.1.3.22027*.
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/powershell-ubuntu:7.1.3.22304*.

#### Scripts
##### New: VerifyEnoughIndicators
- Verify there're enough indicators in your XSOAR environment.

##### SetContext
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### FetchFromInstance
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Devo Pack v1.1.1
#### Integrations
##### Devo v2
- Updated to use newer version of Devo Python SDK with better stability issues
- Added Global timeout variable for all Devo requests to be 60 seconds
- In the following commands added queryTimeout argument which overrides the global default timeout variable
  - devo-run-query
  - devo-get-alerts
  - devo-multi-table-query
- In the following commands added linqLinkBase argument which overrides the global linq linking base
  - devo-run-query
  - devo-get-alerts
  - devo-write-to-table
- Devo write to table no longer writes in format. Will send raw message within list of messages.
- Fixed fetches incidents as alerts table has changed epoch format.
- Fixed linq linking directly back to Devo.
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### Devo
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### EWS Pack v1.8.27
#### Integrations
##### EWS O365
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### O365 - Security And Compliance - Content Search (beta)
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/powershell-ubuntu:7.1.3.22304*.

##### O365 - EWS - Extension
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/powershell-ubuntu:7.1.3.22304*.

##### O365 - EWS - Extension Online Powershell v2
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/pwsh-exchange:1.0.0.22307*.

##### EWS v2
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/py-ews:1.0.0.22402*.
- Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** sometimes failed with an `UnknownTimeZoneError` (introduced in version 1.8.25). 
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/py-ews:1.0.0.23126*.

#### Scripts
##### CreateCertificate
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/pwsh-exchange:1.0.0.22307*.

##### BuildEWSQuery
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### EasyVista Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### EasyVista
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### EclecticIQ Platform Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### EclecticIQ Platform
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Email Communication Pack v1.3.10
#### Scripts
##### SendEmailReply
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

---

### Exabeam Pack v2.1.3
#### Integrations
##### Exabeam
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

---

### Exchange 2016 Compliance Search Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### Exchange 2016 Compliance Search
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Expanse v2 Pack v1.7.2
#### Playbooks
##### Xpanse Incident Handling - Generic
Minor edit in the README file regarding playbook inputs.

#### Scripts
##### ExpanseGenerateIssueMapWidgetScript
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/chromium:1.0.0.22261*.

---

### Export Indicators Pack v1.0.10
#### Integrations
##### Export Indicators Service
- Fixed an issue where indicators of Outbound format  *Symantec ProxySG outbound format* included the protocol in the prefix.

---

### FalconHost Pack v1.1.4
#### Scripts
##### CrowdStrikeUrlParse
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Fetch Indicators From File Pack v1.0.4
#### Scripts
##### FetchIndicatorsFromFile
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

---

### FireEye (AX Series) Pack v1.0.5
#### Scripts
##### FireEyeDetonateFile
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### FireEye HX Pack v1.0.16
#### Integrations
##### FireEye HX
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.22665*.

---

### Forcepoint Pack v1.0.1
#### Scripts
##### FPDeleteRule
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### FPSetRule
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### FortiGate Pack v1.0.3
#### Integrations
##### FortiGate
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### FortiSIEM Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### FortiSIEM
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### GRR Pack v1.0.1
#### Scripts
##### GrrSetFlows
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### GrrGetHunt
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### GrrSetHunts
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### GrrGetFlows
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### GrrGetFiles
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### GrrGetHunts
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### GitHub Pack v1.3.1
#### Integrations
##### GitHub IAM
- Added the *Allow enabling users* integration parameter.
- Added support for customizing fields mapping differently in the ***iam-create-user*** and the ***iam-update-user*** commands.

##### GitHub
- Improved the error messages from GitHub upon a failure when applicable.

---

### Google BigQuery Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### Google BigQuery
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/bigquery:1.0.0.21288*.

---

### Google Cloud SCC Pack v1.1.0
#### Integrations
##### Google Cloud SCC
- Added google-cloud-scc-asset-resource-list and google-cloud-scc-asset-owner-get commands.
- Deprecated google-cloud-scc-asset-list command.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/google-api-py3:1.0.0.22099*.

---

### Group-IB Threat Intelligence & Attribution Pack v1.1.0 (Partner Supported)
#### Classifiers
##### Group-IB Threat Intelligence & Attribution (classifier)
- Added the **GIB Data Breach** to the classifier.

#### Incident Fields
- **GIB Severity**
- **GIB Leak Name**
- **GIB Email**
- **GIB ID**
- **GIB Password**

#### Incident Types
- **GIB Data Breach**


#### Integrations
##### Group-IB Threat Intelligence & Attribution
- Added **GIB Data Breach** processing to integration.
- Added the ***gibtia-get-compromised-breached-info*** command to search compromised/breached collection for a given ID.

#### Layouts
- **New: GIB Data Breach Layout**
- New layout for the **GIB Data Breach** incident type.

#### Mappers
##### Group-IB Threat Intelligence & Attribution (mapper)
- Added mapping for the new **GIB Data Breach** incident type.

#### Playbooks
##### Incident Postprocessing - Group-IB Threat Intelligence & Attribution
- Added **GIB Data Breach** to playbook.

#### Scripts
##### GIBIncidentUpdate
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.

---

### Gurucul Risk Analytics Pack v1.1.1 (Partner Supported)
#### Classifiers
##### Gurucul-GRACases - Classifier
- Added Gra Anomalies
- Added Gra Anomaly Name
- Added Gra Anomaly Resource Name
- Added Gra Anomaly Risk Score
- Added Gra Anomaly Status
- Added Gra Assignee
- Added Gra Assignee Type
- Added Gra Risk Accepted Date

#### Incident Fields
#### Integrations
##### Gurucul-GRA
- Removed `(Community Contribution)` from the integration name.
- **Breaking Change**: New drop-down ***Fetch Incident Cases*** is added in ***Add instance***. The valid options are:
  - ***Case Per Anomaly***: Incident is created per Anomaly. This is default value set.
  - ***Case For All Anomalies***: Incident is created per Case.
- **Bug Fixes**:
  - **Breaking Change**: Fixed an issue with fetch incidents, which caused incident duplication.
  - **Breaking Change**: Fixed an issue with fetch incidents, which caused empty/blank incident.

#### Mappers
##### Gurucul-GRACases Incoming Mapper
- Added Gra Anomalies
- Added Gra Anomaly Name
- Added Gra Anomaly Resource Name
- Added Gra Anomaly Risk Score
- Added Gra Anomaly Status
- Added Gra Assignee
- Added Gra Assignee Type
- Added Gra Risk Accepted Date

#### Playbooks
##### playbook-GraCase
- **Breaking Change**: Removed the ***gra-user-anomalies*** block.

---

### Hatching Triage Pack v1.0.1 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### Hatching Triage
- Added display fields for the Integration parameters.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.
- Added DBot support to static and behavioral report commands.
- Fixed an issue where an error occurred when selecting a Triage profile at submission.

---

### Hello World IAM Pack v1.1.0
#### Integrations
##### Hello World IAM
- Added the *Allow enabling users* integration parameter.
- Added support for customizing fields mapping differently in the ***iam-create-user*** and the ***iam-update-user*** commands.

#### Mappers
##### User Profile - HelloIAMWorld (Outgoing)
- Updated the mapper to use the **User Profile - Create** and **User Profile - Update** incident types.

---

### IAM SCIM Pack v1.1.0
#### Mappers
##### User Profile - SCIM (Outgoing)
- Updated the mapper to use the **User Profile - Create** and **User Profile - Update** incident types.

---

### IBM QRadar Pack v2.0.17
#### Integrations
##### IBM QRadar (Deprecated)
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

#### Scripts
##### QRadarGetCorrelationLogs
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### QRadarGetOffenseCorrelations
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### IBM X-Force Exchange Pack v1.1.5
#### Integrations
##### IBM X-Force Exchange v2
- Fixed an issue where the ***ip*** command returned an error on some IP addresses.

---

### Image OCR Pack v1.1.0
#### Integrations
##### Image OCR
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/tesseract:1.0.0.22514*.
- Added support for Polish, Portuguese. and Swedish.
- Improved internal code.

---

### Imperva Incapsula Pack v1.0.1
#### Scripts
##### IncapScheduleTask
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### IncapWhitelistCompliance
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### IncapGetAppInfo
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### IncapGetDomainApproverEmail
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### IncapListSites
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Imperva Skyfence Pack v1.0.1
#### Scripts
##### ImpSfScheduleTask
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### ImpSfSetEndpointStatus
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### ImpSfListEndpoints
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### ImpSfRevokeUnaccessedDevices
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### InfoArmor VigilanteATI Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### InfoArmor VigilanteATI
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Infocyte Pack v1.0.3 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### Infocyte
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/pwsh-infocyte:1.1.0.22073*.

---

### IntSights Pack v1.0.6
#### Integrations
##### IntSights
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Integrations & Incidents Health Check Pack v1.2.1
#### Scripts
##### New: RestartFailedTasks
- Use this Script to re-run failed tasks. Run in the same incident after running `GetFailedTasks` for restarting all of the failed tasks or some of them. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).

##### GetFailedTasks
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.

##### CopyLinkedAnalystNotes
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.

---

### Intezer Pack v1.1.2 (Partner Supported)
#### Scripts
##### IntezerScanHost
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Ipstack Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### ipstack
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Joe Security Pack v1.0.6
#### Integrations
##### Joe Security
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### LogRhythmRest Pack v1.0.4
#### Integrations
##### LogRhythmRest
- Added the ability to fetch cases as incidents.
- Added 3 commands.
  - ***lr-get-case-evidence***
  - ***lr-execute-search-query***
  - ***lr-get-query-result***
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

#### Playbooks
##### New: Logrhythm - Search query
This playbook uses generic polling to get query results using the ***lr-execute-search-query*** command.  (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).

---

### MISP Pack v1.0.12
#### Scripts
##### misp_upload_sample
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### misp_download_sample
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Mail Sender (New) Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### Mail Sender (New)
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Majestic Million Feed Pack v1.1.4
#### Integrations
##### Majestic Million Feed
- Fixed an issue where *HTTPS* connection to the feed was not supported.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *3.9.5.21272*.

---

### Mattermost Pack v1.0.1
#### Scripts
##### MattermostAskUser
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### MaxMind GeoIP2 Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### MaxMind GeoIP2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### McAfee Advanced Threat Defense Pack v1.0.7
#### Scripts
##### ATDDetonate
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### McAfee DAM Pack v1.0.1
#### Scripts
##### DamSensorDown
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### McAfee ESM Pack v1.1.10
#### Integrations
##### McAfee ESM v2
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

---

### McAfee ePO Pack v1.0.2
#### Scripts
##### EPOFindSystem
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Microsoft Cloud App Security Pack v1.0.20
#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Cloud App Security
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.22569*.
- Deprecated 2 commands: 
  - ***microsoft-cas-alert-dismiss-bulk***
  - ***microsoft-cas-alert-resolve-bulk***
- Added 3 commands:
  - ***microsoft-cas-alert-close-benign***
  - ***microsoft-cas-alert-close-false-positive***
  - ***microsoft-cas-alert-close-true-positive***

---

### Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager Pack v1.0.3
#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/powershell-ubuntu:7.1.3.22304*.
- Fixed the handling of parameters in the ***get-device-list*** command.

---

### Microsoft Teams Pack v1.1.12
#### Scripts
##### ConfigureAzureApplicationAccessPolicy
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/powershell-teams:1.0.0.22275*.

---

### Mimecast Pack v1.1.4
#### Integrations
##### Mimecast v2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

#### Scripts
##### MimecastQuery
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### MimecastFindEmail
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Minerva Labs Anti-Evasion Platform Pack v1.0.3 (Community Contributed)
#### Integrations
##### Minerva Labs Anti-Evasion Platform
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### NCSC Cyber Asssessment Framework Pack v1.0.1 (Community Contributed)
#### Scripts
##### NCSCReportDetails_D
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

##### NCSCReportDetails_B
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

##### NCSCReportDetails
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

##### NCSCReportOverview
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

##### NCSCReportDetails_C
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

##### NCSCReportDetails_A
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

---

### OS Query Pack v1.0.1
#### Scripts
##### OSQueryLoggedInUsers
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### OSQueryBasicQuery
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### OSQueryUsers
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### OSQueryProcesses
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### OSQueryOpenSockets
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Office 365 and Azure (Audit Log) Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Policy And Compliance (Audit Log)
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/powershell-ubuntu:7.1.3.22304*.

---

### Okta Pack v2.2.0
#### Integrations
##### Okta IAM
- Added the *Allow enabling users* integration parameter.
- Added support for customizing fields mapping differently in the ***iam-create-user*** and the ***iam-update-user*** commands.

#### Mappers
##### User Profile - Okta (Outgoing)
- Updated the mapper to use the **User Profile - Create** and **User Profile - Update** incident types.

---

### OnboardingIntegration Pack v1.0.3
#### Scripts
##### OnboardingCleanup
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.

---

### PAN-OS Pack v1.6.22
#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS
- Added the *description* argument to the ***panorama-commit*** command.
- Added the *description*, *validate-only*, *include-template* arguments to the ***panorama-push-to-device-group*** command.
- Added the *Errors* output to the ***panorama-push-status*** command.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.
- Added the *target* argument to the ***panorama-security-policy-match*** command.
- Fixed an issue where object with tag *None* such as addresses and address-groups produced an error.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.22665*.

---

### Packetsled Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### Packetsled
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### PagerDuty Pack v1.0.6
#### Integrations
##### PagerDuty v2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response Pack v3.0.19
#### Playbooks
##### New: Cortex XDR - PrintNightmare Detection and Response
- The playbook targets specific PrintNightmare rules written by Cortex XDR for both vulnerabilities:
[CVE-2021-1675 LPE](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-1675)
[CVE-2021-34527 RCE](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-34527)

This playbook includes the following tasks:
- Containment of files, endpoints, users and IP Addresses
- Enrichment of indicators
- Data acquisition of system info and files using Cortex XDR
- Eradicating compromised user credentials

** Note: This is a beta playbook, which lets you implement and test pre-release software. Since the playbook is beta, it might contain bugs. Updates to the pack during the beta phase might include non-backward compatible features. We appreciate your feedback on the quality and usability of the pack to help us identify issues, fix them, and continually improve. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).

#### Scripts
##### DBotGroupXDRIncidents
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.22665*.

---

### Palo Alto Networks IoT Pack v1.0.5
#### Scripts
##### iot-security-check-servicenow
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

---

### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Management Pack v1.1.0
#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Management (Deprecated)
- Updated the support details.
- Added the *retries* argument to the following commands: ***pan-os-edl-compare***, ***pan-os-edl-get-external-file***, ***pan-os-edl-update-from-external-file***.
- Internal and External lists entities are now sorted to ease the readability and usage.

---

### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Service Pack v2.1.0
#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Service
- Added support for the `ETag` HTTP response header. Clients querying the EDL may use the `If-None-Match` header to perform a conditional request and save bandwidth if the EDL hasn't been modified.
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.
- Changed **edl-update** command to update the EDL once the EDL is accessed, rather than immediately.
- **Breaking Change:** Removed **print_indicators** argument from **edl-update** command. This change was done to improve performance. To view the indicators, fetch from the EDL.
- Changed instance parameter **PAN-OS URL Format Drop Invalid Entries** to **PAN-OS URL Drop Invalid Entries**.
- Enhanced **PAN-OS URL Drop Invalid Entries** to drop URLs that are longer than 254 characters.
- Added new instance parameter **Add Comment To Empty EDL** - if selected, add to empty EDL "# Empty EDL" to invalidate the EDL.

---

### Palo Alto Networks Threat Vault Pack v1.0.6
#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks Threat Vault
- Documentation and metadata improvements.

---

### PassiveTotal Pack v2.0.11 (Partner Supported)
#### Scripts
##### RiskIQPassiveTotalTrackersScript
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

##### RiskIQPassiveTotalPDNSScript
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

---

### PhishLabs Pack v1.0.4
#### Scripts
##### PhishLabsPopulateIndicators
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

---

### Phishing Pack v2.2.7
#### Playbooks
##### Phishing - Core
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

---

### Phishing Campaign Pack v2.0.8
#### Scripts
##### CollectCampaignRecipients
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

##### IsIncidentPartOfCampaign
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

##### GetCampaignIncidentsInfo
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.

##### FindEmailCampaign
- Improved the readable outputs and split the *Campaign Snippets* layout section from the *Campaign  Summary* section. 
- Added the *incident.emailcampaignsnippets* output to the context.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/sklearn:1.0.0.22342*.

##### GetCampaignDuration
- Fixed an issue where the output was not clear when the resulting duration was invalid.

---

### Pipl Pack v1.0.1
#### Scripts
##### CheckSender
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### PolySwarm Pack v2.0.2 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### PolySwarm (Deprecated)
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Powershell Remoting Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### PowerShell Remoting (Beta)
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/powershell-ubuntu:7.1.3.22027*.
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/powershell-ubuntu:7.1.3.22304*.

---

### Prisma Cloud Pack v1.7.2
#### Integrations
##### Prisma Cloud (RedLock)
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Proofpoint Threat Response (Beta) Pack v1.0.5
#### Integrations
##### Proofpoint Threat Response (Beta)
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

---

### ProtectWise Pack v1.0.1
#### Scripts
##### PWObservationPcapDownload
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### PWEventPcapDownload
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Qualys Pack v1.0.7
#### Integrations
##### Qualys (Deprecated)
- Deprecated. Use the **Qualys v2** integration instead.

#### Playbooks
##### Vulnerability Management - Qualys (Job) - V2
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### Launch And Fetch PC Scan - Qualys
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### Launch And Fetch Map Report - Qualys
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### Launch And Fetch Compliance Policy Report - Qualys
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### Launch And Fetch VM Scan - Qualys
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### Launch And Fetch Scheduled Report - Qualys
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### Launch And Fetch Patch Report - Qualys
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### Launch And Fetch Compliance Report - Qualys
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### Launch And Fetch Host Based Findings Report - Qualys
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### Launch And Fetch Scan Based Findings Report - Qualys
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

##### Launch And Fetch Remediation Report - Qualys
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

#### Scripts
##### QualysCreateIncidentFromReport
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### RSA Archer Pack v1.1.19
#### Scripts
##### ArcherCreateSecurityIncident
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### RSAArcherManualFetch
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### ArcherUpdateSecurityIncident
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### RSA NetWitness Endpoint Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### RSA NetWitness Endpoint
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### RSA NetWitness Packets and Logs Pack v1.0.1
#### Scripts
##### NetwitnessSearch
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

##### NetwitnessQuery
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

---

### RSA NetWitness Security Analytics Pack v1.0.2
#### Scripts
##### NetwitnessSACreateIncident
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### NetwitnessSAGetAvailableAssignees
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### NetwitnessSAListIncidents
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### NetwitnessSAGetEvents
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### NetwitnessSAGetComponents
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### NetwitnessSAAddEventsToIncident
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### RSA NetWitness v11.1 Pack v1.0.3
#### Integrations
##### RSA NetWitness v11.1
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Rapid Breach Response Pack v1.6.16
#### Playbooks
##### New: Kaseya VSA  0-day - REvil Ransomware Supply Chain Attack
- On July 2nd, Kaseya company has experienced an attack against the VSA (Virtual System/Server Administrator) product. Kaseya customers reports pointed out a ransomware outbreak in their environment.
Further investigation revealed that REvil group exploited VSA zero-day vulnerabilities for authentication bypass and arbitrary command execution. This allowed the attacker to deploy ransomware on Kaseya customers' endpoints.

This playbook should be trigger manually and includes the following tasks: 

* Collect related known indicators from several sources.
* Indicators, PS commands, Registry changes and known HTTP requests hunting using SIEM products.
    * Splunk advanced queries can be modified through the playbook inputs.
* Block indicators automatically or manually.
* Provide advanced hunting and detection capabilities.

More information:
[Kaseya Incident Overview & Technical Details](https://helpdesk.kaseya.com/hc/en-gb/articles/4403584098961)

Note: This is a beta playbook, which lets you implement and test pre-release software. Since the playbook is beta, it might contain bugs. Updates to the pack during the beta phase might include non-backward compatible features. We appreciate your feedback on the quality and usability of the pack to help us identify issues, fix them, and continually improve. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).

##### Kaseya VSA  0-day - REvil Ransomware Supply Chain Attack
- Added additional XDR signatures to search for relevant XDR incidents
- Added Xpanse issue search
- Added link incidents for related XDR and Xpanse incidents
- Added Kaseya VSA patch release preparation runbooks instructions

##### CVE-2021-1675 - PrintNightmare
- Microsoft has released an emergency patch for the PrintNightmare. A reference for the patch can be found in the playbook.

##### CVE-2021-34527 | CVE-2021-1675 - PrintNightmare
- Added Splunk and QRadar detection queries.
- Changed playbook display name.
- Added Point&Print mitigation task
- Changed tasks execution order
- Added Cortex XDR - PrintNightmare Detection and Response playbook

#### Scripts
##### RapidBreachResponseParseBlog
- Deprecated. Use **ParseHTMLIndicators** instead.

---

### Rapid7 Nexpose Pack v1.1.2
#### Integrations
##### Rapid7 Nexpose
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

#### Scripts
##### NexposeCreateIncidentsFromAssets
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Recorded Future Pack v1.1.1
#### Integrations
##### Recorded Future (Deprecated)
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

#### Scripts
##### RecordedFutureHashRiskList
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### RecordedFutureVulnerabilityRiskList
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### RecordedFutureURLRiskList
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### RecordedFutureIPRiskList
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### RecordedFutureDomainRiskList
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Remedy AR Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### BMC Remedy AR
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Remedy SR (Beta) Pack v1.0.3
#### Integrations
##### BMC Remedy SR (Beta)
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### ReversingLabs A1000 Pack v2.0.1 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### New: ReversingLabs A1000 v2
**Old commands renamed:** 

| **Old name** | **New name** |
| --- | --- | 
|file | reversinglabs-a1000-get-results |
|reversinglabs-upload | reversinglabs-a1000-upload-sample |
|reversinglabs-delete | reversinglabs-a1000-delete-sample |
|reversinglabs-extracted-files | reversinglabs-a1000-list-extracted-files |
|reversinglabs-download | reversinglabs-a1000-download-sample |
|reversinglabs-analyze | reversinglabs-a1000-reanalyze |
|reversinglabs-download-unpacked | reversinglabs-a1000-download-extracted-files |

**New commands added:**
- reversinglabs-a1000-upload-sample-and-get-results  
- reversinglabs-a1000-get-classification  
- reversinglabs-a1000-advanced-search

##### ReversingLabs A1000 (Deprecated)
- Deprecated. Use the ReversingLabs A1000 v2 integration instead.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### ReversingLabs TitaniumCloud Pack v2.0.1 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### ReversingLabs TitaniumCloud v2
- ReversingLabs TitaniumCloud is now ReversingLabs TitaniumCloud v2. New installations of the original version will no longer be supported.

- Changes to existing commands:

| **Old name** | **New name** |
| --- | --- | 
|file | reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-file-reputation |

- New commands added:
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-av-scanners  
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-file-analysis  
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-rha1-functional-similarity
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-rha1-analytics 
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-uri-statistics
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-uri-index
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-advanced-search
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-expression-search
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-file-download
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-file-upload
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-url-report
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-analyze-url
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-submit-for-dynamic-analysis
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-get-dynamic-analysis-results
    - reversinglabs-titaniumcloud-certificate-analytics

##### ReversingLabs TitaniumCloud (Deprecated)
- Deprecated. Use ReversingLabs TitaniumCloud v2 instead.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### SCADAfence CNM Pack v1.0.3 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### SCADAfence CNM
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### SMIME Messaging Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### SMIME Messaging
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/m2crypto:1.0.0.22019*.

---

### SNDBOX Pack v1.0.3
#### Integrations
##### SNDBOX
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Salesforce Pack v1.1.0
#### Integrations
##### Salesforce IAM
- Added the *Allow enabling users* integration parameter.
- Added support for customizing fields mapping differently in the ***iam-create-user*** and the ***iam-update-user*** commands.

#### Scripts
##### SalesforceAskUser
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### SecurityAdvisor Pack v1.0.1 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### SecurityAdvisor
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

---

### ServiceNow Pack v2.2.0
#### Integrations
##### ServiceNow (Deprecated)
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### ServiceNow IAM
- Added the *Allow enabling users* integration parameter.
- Added support for customizing fields mapping differently in the ***iam-create-user*** and the ***iam-update-user*** commands.

#### Mappers
##### User Profile - ServiceNow (Outgoing)
- Updated the mapper to use the **User Profile - Create** and **User Profile - Update** incident types.

#### Scripts
##### ServiceNowCreateIncident
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### ServiceNowUpdateIncident
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### ServiceNowQueryIncident
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Signal Sciences WAF Pack v1.0.3
#### Integrations
##### Signal Sciences WAF
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Sixgill Darkfeed - Annual Subscription Pack v2.0.3 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### Cybersixgill DVE Feed Threat Intelligence (Deprecated)
- The ***Cybersixgill DVE Feed Threat Intelligence*** integration is deprecated. Please use ***Cybersixgill DVE Feed Threat Intelligence integration V2***.

##### Sixgill DarkFeed Threat Intelligence
- Added suuport for additional sub-feeds.

#### Scripts
##### SixgillSearchIndicators
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

---

### Skyformation Pack v1.0.3 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### Skyformation (Deprecated)
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Slack Pack v2.0.0
#### Integrations
##### Slack IAM
- Added the *Allow enabling users* integration parameter.
- Added support for customizing fields mapping differently in the ***iam-create-user*** and the ***iam-update-user*** commands.

##### New: Slack v3 (beta)
- Send messages and notifications to your Slack team. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).

Backwards Compatibility with Slack V2
- Slack V3 currently contains improvements to enhance the stability of the integration as well as the circumvention of OProxy. This version is intended to provide customers with more granular control over the Slack integration by enabling the Bring-Your-Own-App model and customizable scope based authentication.

- All commands are fully compatible with Slack V2 playbooks as their inputs and outputs have remained the same. As a customer, you should notice no significant change in the behavior of the Slack integration with your existing playbooks.

---

### Splunk Pack v2.1.5
#### Integrations
##### SplunkPy
Improved integration descriptions to provide information on both Splunk ES and non ES.

#### Scripts
##### SplunkPySearch
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Symantec Endpoint Protection Pack v1.0.4
#### Integrations
##### Symantec Endpoint Protection v2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

#### Scripts
##### SEPCheckOutdatedEndpoints
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### System Diagnostics and Health Check Pack v1.0.1 (Community Contributed)
#### Incident Fields
- **Health Check Large Files**
- **Health Check Investigations bigger than 10MB**
- **Health Check Number of investigations bigger than 10MB**
- **Health Check Investigations input / output bigger than 10MB**
- **Health Check Installed Packs**
- **Health Check Number of investigations bigger than 1MB**
- **Health Check Investigations bigger than 1MB**
- **Health Check Investigations input / output bigger than 1MB**
- **Health Check Number of investigations with more than 500 entries**

#### Layouts
- **System Diagnostics and Health Check**
- Added the **Health Check Number of investigations with more than 500 entries** field.
- Reorder grid field columns

#### Scripts
##### HealthCheckGetLargestInputsAndOutputsInIncidents
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.
- Fixed an issue where the script failed on KeyError.

##### HealthCheckFileSystem
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.
- Fixed an issue where the script failed while counting DB partitions.

##### HealthCheckAnalyzeLargeInvestigations
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.
- Incidents larger than 10MB will not appear in the *Health Check Investigations bigger than 1MB* field.

##### HealthCheckServerLog
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.
- Fixed an issue where a server.log file without ending with a timestamp did not parse properly.

---

### TCPIPUtils (Deprecated) Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### TCPIPUtils (Deprecated)
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Tanium Pack v1.0.8
#### Scripts
##### TaniumFilterComputersByIndexQueryFileDetails
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Tenable.io Pack v1.1.1
#### Integrations
##### Tenable.io
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.

---

### Tenable.sc Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### Tenable.sc
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Threat Intelligence Management Pack v1.0.5
#### Scripts
##### ThreatIntelManagementGetIncidentsPerFeed
- Updated the script to execute using the DBot role.

---

### ThreatConnect Pack v2.0.15
#### Integrations
##### ThreatConnect v2
- Added support for new output: **WebLink**
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/threatconnect-py3-sdk:1.0.0.21898*.

---

### ThreatMiner Pack v1.0.4
#### Integrations
##### ThreatMiner
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### ThreatQ Pack v1.0.10 (Partner Supported)
#### Integrations
##### ThreatQ_Beta
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### ThreatX Pack v1.0.2
#### Integrations
##### ThreatX
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### Trend Micro Pack v1.0.1
#### Scripts
##### TrendmicroSystemEventRetrieve
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### TrendMicroGetHostID
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### TrendmicroSecurityProfileRetrieveAll
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### TrendmicroAntiMalwareEventRetrieve
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### TrendmicroHostRetrieveAll
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### TrendMicroGetPolicyID
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### TrendmicroAlertStatus
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### TrendmicroSecurityProfileAssignToHost
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### TrendMicroClassifier
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

##### TrendmicroHostAntimalwareScan
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

---

### VirusTotal Pack v2.1.3
#### Playbooks
##### Detonate File - VirusTotal
- Maintenance and stability enhancements.

---

### VirusTotal - Private API Pack v1.0.9
#### Integrations
##### VirusTotal - Private API
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.20958*.

#### Pack Support

---

### WhatIsMyBrowser Pack v1.0.1
#### Integrations
##### WhatIsMyBrowser
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.5.21272*.