# Cortex XSOAR Content Release Notes for version 99.4.2 (1234)
##### Published on 07 June 2020
## New Content
### Access Investigation Pack v1.0.0

#### Playbooks
##### Access Investigation - Generic
 - This playbook investigates an access incident by gathering user and IP information.

The playbook then interacts with the user that triggered the incident to confirm whether or not they initiated the access action.

---

### AquatoneDiscover Pack v1.0.0

#### Scripts
##### AquatoneDiscover
 - aquatone-discover will find the targets nameservers and shuffle DNS lookups between them. Should a lookup fail on the target domains nameservers, aquatone-discover will fall back to using Google public DNS servers to maximize discovery.

---

### Brute Force Pack v1.0.0

#### IncidentFields
##### Account Groups
 - Account groups
##### Login Attempt Count
 - Login attempt count
##### Password Expiration Status
 - Password Expiration Status
##### Successful Login
 - This field indicates whether one of the login attempts in a brute force incident was successful.
##### User Disabled Status
 - User Disabled Status
##### userAccountControl
 - userAccountControl

#### IncidentTypes
##### Brute Force
 - 

#### Layouts
##### Brute Force - Summary
 - 

#### Playbooks
##### Brute Force Investigation - Generic
 - This playbook investigates a "Brute Force" incident by gathering user and IP information, calculating the incident severity based on the gathered information and information received from the user, and performs remediation.

The playbook handles the following use-cases:

* Brute Force IP Detected - A detection of source IPs that are exceeding a high threshold of rejected and/or invalid logins. 
* Brute Force Increase Percentage - A detection of large increase percentages in various brute force statistics over different periods of time.
* Brute Force Potentially Compromised Accounts - A detection of accounts that have shown high amount of failed logins with one successful login.

Used Sub-playbooks:
- IP Enrichment - Generic v2
- Account Enrichment - Generic v2.1
- Calculate Severity - Critical Assets v2
- Isolate Endpoint - Generic
- Block Indicators - Generic v2


---

### Carbon Black Cloud Enterprise EDR Pack v1.0.0

#### Integrations
##### Carbon Black Enterprise EDR
 - VMware Carbon Black Enterprise EDR is an advanced threat hunting and incident response solution delivering continuous visibility for top security operations centers (SOCs) and incident response (IR) teams. (formerly known as ThreatHunter)

---

### Common Dashboards Pack v1.0.0

#### Dashboards
##### My Dashboard
 - 
##### Incidents
 - 
##### SLA
 - A new dashboard to give you a good overview of your SLAs.

---

### Common Reports Pack v1.0.0

#### Reports
##### Mean time to Resolve by Incident Type (Last 2 Quarters)
 - This report generates Mean Time to Resolve by Incident type for last 2 Quarters
##### Mean time to Resolve by Incident Owner (Last 2 Quarters)
 - This report generates Mean Time to Resolve by Incident Owner for last 2 Quarters
##### Shift summary report
 - Shift summary which includes the last 6 hours open and closed incidents.
##### Critical and High incidents
 - All critical and high severity incidents that may need the analyst attention.
##### Daily incidents
 - Daily summary of incidents statistics, followed by a list of all current open incidents.
##### Investigation Summary
 - A summary report that contains various details such as evidence and investigation time line, investigation team, statistics and more
##### Open Incidents
 - List and statistics of the current open incidents including type and severity distribution and SLA compliance.
##### Last 24 hours closed incidents
 - All closed incidents in the last 24 hours. Counts of types, severity, SLAs and analysts work, and a list of all closed incidents.
##### Last 24 hours incidents
 - Last 24 hours summary of incidents statistics, followed by a list of all current open incidents.
##### Last 30 days closed incidents
 - All closed incidents in the last 30 days. Counts of types, severity, SLAs and analysts work, and a list of all closed incidents.
##### Last 30 days incidents
 - Last 30 days summary of incidents statistics, followed by a list of all current open incidents.
##### Last 7 days closed incidents
 - All closed incidents in the last 7 days. Counts of types, severity, SLAs and analysts work, and a list of all closed incidents.
##### Last 7 days incidents
 - Last 7 days summary of incidents statistics, followed by a list of all current open incidents.
##### Late Incidents
 - All the incidents that passed their SLA due date and the incidents that are at risk to soon pass their SLA.
##### Unknown severity incidents
 - Report about all unknown severity incidents that may need the analyst attention.

---

### Common Widgets Pack v1.0.0

#### Widgets
##### Active Incidents Assigned by User
 - 
##### Active Incidents by Role
 - 
##### Active Incidents - Line chart
 - 
##### Active Incidents - Pie chart
 - 
##### Average Incident Duration by Role (Avg)
 - 
##### Server CPU Usage % (last 24h)
 - Server CPU usage in the previous 24 hours
##### CPU Current Usage
 - 
##### Closed Incidents by Role
 - 
##### Detection SLA by Status
 - The detection SLA status of all incidents that their severity was determined. The widget takes into account incidents from the last 30 days by default, and inherits new time range when the dashboard time changes.
##### Disk Current Usage
 - 
##### Elastic CPU Current Usage
 - Elasticsearch CPU Current Usage %
##### Elastic Disk Current Usage
 - Elastic Disk Current Usage %
##### Elastic JVM Memory Current Usage
 - Elastic JVM Memory Current Usage %
##### Busy Workers Count per Engine
 - Current number of busy workers per engine
##### Busy Workers per Engine (last 24h)
 - Number of busy workers per engine in the previous 24 hours
##### CPU Usage % per Engine
 - Current CPU usage percentage per engine
##### CPU Usage % per Engine (last 24h)
 - CPU usage percentage per engine in the previous 24 hours
##### Disk Usage % per Engine
 - Current disk usage percentage per engine
##### Disk Usage % per Engine (last 24h)
 - Disk usage percentage per engine in the previous 24 hours
##### Memory Usage % per Engine
 - Current memory usage percentage per engine
##### Memory Usage % per Engine (last 24h)
 - Memory usage percentage per engine in the previous 24 hours
##### Workers per Engine
 - Current number of workers per engine
##### Image
 - 
##### Incidents By Close Reason
 - 
##### Incidents in Error Run Status
 - 
##### Incidents Occurred Per Day
 - 
##### Incident Severity by Type
 - 
##### Incident Types by Severity
 - 
##### Incidents by Phase
 - 
##### Incidents by Role
 - 
##### Closed By Dbot
 - Showing percentage of incidents handled and closed by DBot, without an owner being assigned to, across all incidents in the provided period
##### Incidents Dropped in Preprocessing
 - 
##### Incidents Top Close Analysts
 - 
##### Indicators Activity
 - 
##### Indicators Activity by Type
 - 
##### Bad Indicators Activity
 - 
##### Bad Indicators Activity by Type
 - 
##### Manual Reputation Indicators
 - 
##### Manual Reputation Indicators by User
 - 
##### Investigation Activity Timeline
 - 
##### Late Incidents
 - 
##### Late Tasks by User
 - 
##### Late Tasks
 - 
##### Mean Time to Detection
 - The mean time (average time) to detection across all incidents that their severity was determined. The widget takes into account incidents from the last 30 days by default.
##### Server Memory Usage % (last 24h)
 - Server memory usage % (previous 24 hours)
##### Memory Current Usage
 - 
##### Most Active Integrations
 - 
##### Most Active Investigations
 - 
##### Most Active Users
 - 
##### MTTD by Type
 - A widget that shows the Mean Time to Detection, by incident type.
##### MTTR by Type
 - Shows changes in Mean Time to Resolution, over time, while differentiating between incident types.
##### MTTR Occurred by Type
 - 
##### Mean Time to Resolution (Occurred)
 - 
##### My Messages
 - 
##### Mentions
 - 
##### My Tasks
 - 
##### Open Tasks Per User
 - 
##### Page Break Widget
 - Use the page break widget in a report to force a page break before the widgets that follow.
##### Top Active Playbooks
 - 
##### Return On Investment (ROI)
 - 
##### Remediation SLA by Status
 - The remediation SLA status of all incidents that started a remediation process. The widget takes into account incidents from the last 30 days by default, and inherits new time range when the dashboard time changes.
##### Running playbooks
 - 
##### SLA by Incident Type
 - 
##### Tasks By State
 - 
##### Text Widget
 - 
##### TopMaliciousRatioIndicators
 - Malicious Ratio indicator widget shows indicator that appear in high ration at bad incidents
##### Unassigned Active Incidents
 - 
##### Unassigned Closed Incidents
 - 
##### Unassigned Incidents
 - 
##### Unassigned Pending Incidents
 - 

---

### Exchange Pack v1.0.0

---

### ExifRead Pack v1.0.0

#### Scripts
##### ExifRead
 - Read image files metadata and provide Exif tags

---

### Humio Pack v1.0.0

#### Integrations
##### Humio
 - Integration with Humio

#### Playbooks
##### Humio QueryJob Poll
 - Run and poll a Humio Query Job

---

### Lost / Stolen Device Pack v1.0.0

#### Playbooks
##### Lost / Stolen Device Playbook
 - This manual playbook handles an incident for a lost or stolen device. It guides the analyst through various steps to validate the type of device and its contents, and the required steps for response and remediation. Initial incident details should be the name of the reporting person or ID of the SIEM alert/incident, and description of the lost device.

---

### Mattermost Pack v1.0.0

#### Scripts
##### MattermostAskUser
 - Ask a user a question on Mattermost and expect a response. The response can also close a task (might be conditional) in a playbook.

---

### OS Query Pack v1.0.0

#### Scripts
##### OSQueryBasicQuery
 - Returns the results from a basic OSQuery query on a remote Linux machine.
For more information read documentation at https://osquery.readthedocs.io/
##### OSQueryLoggedInUsers
 - Returns logged in users details from a remote system using OSQuery
##### OSQueryOpenSockets
 - Returns open sockets details from a remote system using OSQuery
##### OSQueryProcesses
 - Returns processes details from a remote system using OSQuery
##### OSQueryUsers
 - Returns Users Table from a remote system using OSQuery

---

### OSX Collector Pack v1.0.0

#### Scripts
##### AnalyzeOSX
 - Get file and url reputation for osxcollector result.
 will use VirusTotal for Url checks, and IBM XForce for MD5 checks.
 maxchecks : for 
 system  : system name to run agent on.
 section : the type check that OSXCollector should run.
##### Osxcollector
 - Execute osxcollector on machine, can run ONLY on OSX

---

### PANW Comprehensive Investigation Pack v1.0.0

#### Playbooks
##### PANW - Hunting and threat detection by indicator type V2
 - Integrations list: Cortex (Traps, PAN-OS, Analytics)
This is a multipurpose playbook used for hunting and threat detection. The playbook receives inputs based on hashes, IP addresses, or domain names provided manually or from outputs by other playbooks. 
With the received indicators, the playbook leverages Palo Alto Cortex data received by products such as Traps, Analytics and Pan-OS to search for IP addresses and hosts related to that specific hash. 
The output provided by the playbook facilitates pivoting searches for possibly affected hosts, IP addresses, or users.
##### Palo Alto Networks - Endpoint Malware Investigation
 - This playbook is triggered by a Palo Alto Networks Cortex threat alert, generated by Traps.  The playbook performs host enrichment for the source host with Palo Alto Networks Traps, enriches information for the suspicious file with Palo Alto Networks Minemeld and AutoFocus, and automatically performs file detonation for the extracted file. It then performs IOC enrichment with Minemeld for all related IOCs, and calculates the incident severity based on all the findings. In addition we detonate the file for the full analysis report. 
The analyst can perform a manual memory dump for the suspected endpoint based on the incident’s severity, and choose to isolate the source endpoint with Traps.
Hunting tasks to find more endpoints that are infected is performed automatically based on a playbook input, and after all infected endpoints are found, remediation for all malicious IOCs is performed, including file quarantine, and IP and URLs blocking with Palo Alto Networks FireWall components such as Dynamic Address Groups and Custom URL Categories.
After the investigation review the incident is automatically closed.
##### Palo Alto Networks - Malware Remediation
 - This Playbook performs malicious IOC remediation using Palo Alto Networks integrations.

---

### Palo Alto Networks Traps Pack v1.0.0

#### IncidentFields
##### Traps ID
 - Traps event ID

#### IncidentTypes
##### Traps
 - 

#### Integrations
##### Traps
 - Endpoint protection and response stops threats on endpoints and coordinates enforcement with network and cloud security to prevent successful cyberattacks.
The integration enables the following abilities:
  - Initiate scans.
  - Retrieve files from events.
  - Isolate endpoints.
  - Quarantine files.
  - Add and remove hashes from blacklist.
  - Getting endpoints info.
##### Palo Alto Traps ESM (Beta)
 - Palo Alto Traps ESM beta integration.

#### Layouts
##### Traps - Summary
 - 

#### Playbooks
##### Traps Quarantine Event
 - This playbook accepts a file hash and quarantines this file using Traps.
##### Traps Isolate Endpoint
 - This playbook accepts an endpoint ID from Traps integration and performs isolation on this endpoint.
##### Traps Blacklist File
 - This playbook accepts a file SHA256 and adds it to a blacklist using Traps integration.
##### Traps Retrieve And Download Files
 - Use this playbook to retrieve and download files.
##### Traps Scan Endpoint
 - Use this playbook to initiate an endpoint scan and retrieve the scan results.

---

### Prisma Cloud Pack v1.0.0

#### Classifiers
##### Prisma Cloud - Classifier
 - Classifies Prisma Cloud events.
##### 
 - 
##### Prisma Cloud App - Incoming Mapper
 - Maps incoming Prisma Cloud App event fields.
##### Prisma Cloud App - Classifier
 - Classifies Prisma Cloud events.

#### IncidentFields
##### Prisma Cloud ID
 - 
##### Prisma Cloud Reason
 - 
##### Prisma Cloud Rules
 - 
##### Prisma Cloud Status
 - 
##### Prisma Cloud Time
 - 
##### RRN
 - 
##### Resource API Name
 - 
##### Resource Cloud Type
 - 
##### Subscription Assigned By
 - 
##### Subscription Created By
 - 
##### Subscription Created On
 - 
##### Subscription Description
 - 
##### Subscription ID
 - 
##### Subscription Name
 - 
##### Subscription Type
 - 
##### Subscription Updated By
 - 
##### Subscription Updated On
 - 
##### System Default
 - 
##### VPC ID
 - 

#### IncidentTypes
##### AWS CloudTrail Misconfiguration
 - 
##### AWS EC2 Instance Misconfiguration
 - 
##### AWS IAM Policy Misconfiguration
 - 
##### GCP Compute Engine Misconfiguration
 - 
##### Prisma Cloud
 - 

#### Layouts
##### AWS CloudTrail Misconfiguration - Summary
 - 
##### AWS EC2 Instance Misconfiguration - Summary
 - 
##### AWS IAM Policy Misconfiguration - Summary
 - 
##### GCP Compute Engine Misconfiguration - Summary
 - 
##### Prisma Cloud - Summary
 - 

#### Playbooks
##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS CloudTrail Is Not Integrated With CloudWatch Logs
 - This playbook remediates the following Prisma Cloud AWS CloudTrail alerts.

Prisma Cloud policies remediated:

 - AWS CloudTrail Is Not Integrated With CloudWatch Logs
##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS CloudTrail Misconfiguration
 - This playbook remediates Prisma Cloud AWS CloudTrail alerts.  It calls sub-playbooks that perform the actual remediation steps.

Remediation:
 - AWS CloudTrail Trail Log Validation Is Not Enabled In All Regions
 - AWS CloudTrail is not enabled in all regions
 - AWS CloudTrail Trail Is Not Integrated With CloudWatch Logs
 - AWS CloudTrail is not enabled on the account
##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS CloudTrail Trail Misconfiguration
 - This playbook remediates the following Prisma Cloud AWS CloudTrail alerts.

Prisma Cloud policies remediated:

 - AWS CloudTrail Trail Log Validation Is Not Enabled In All Regions
 - AWS CloudTrail is not enabled in all regions
##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS EC2 Instance Misconfiguration
 - This playbook remediates Prisma Cloud AWS EC2 alerts.  It calls the following sub-playbooks to perform the remediation:
- AWS Default Security Group Does Not Restrict All Traffic
- AWS Security Groups Allow Internet Traffic
- AWS Security Groups With Inbound Rule Overly Permissive To All Traffic
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to FTP-Data port (20)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to FTP port (21)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic to SSH port (22)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to Telnet port (23)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to SMTP port (25)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to DNS port (53)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to Windows RPC port (135)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to NetBIOS port (137)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to NetBIOS port (138)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to CIFS port (445)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to SQLServer port (1433)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to SQLServer port (1434)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to MYSQL port (3306)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to RDP port (3389)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to MSQL port (4333)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to PostgreSQL port (5432)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to VNC Listener port (5500)
- AWS Security Groups allow internet traffic from internet to VNC Server port (5900)

##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS EC2 Security Group Misconfiguration
 - This playbook remediates the Prisma Cloud AWS EC2 alerts generated by the following policies:
 - AWS Default Security Group Does Not Restrict All Traffic
 - AWS Security Groups Allow Internet Traffic
 - AWS Security Groups With Inbound Rule Overly Permissive To All Traffic
##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS IAM Password Policy Misconfiguration
 - This playbook remediates the following Prisma Cloud AWS IAM password policy alerts.

Prisma Cloud policies remediated:
- AWS IAM password policy allows password reuse
- AWS IAM password policy does not expire in 90 days
- AWS IAM password policy does not have a lowercase character
- AWS IAM password policy does not have a minimum of 14 characters
- AWS IAM password policy does not have a number
- AWS IAM password policy does not have a symbol
- AWS IAM password policy does not have a uppercase character
- AWS IAM password policy does not have password expiration period
- AWS IAM Password policy is insecure
##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS IAM Policy Misconfiguration
 - This playbook remediates Prisma Cloud AWS IAM policy alerts.  It uses sub-playbooks that perform the remediation steps.
##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS IAM User Policy Misconfiguration
 - This playbook remediates the following Prisma Cloud AWS IAM User alerts.

Prisma Cloud policies remediated:

 - AWS IAM user has two active Access Keys
##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - GCP Compute Engine Instance Misconfiguration
 - This playbook remediates the following Prisma Cloud GCP Compute Engine VM Instance alerts.

Prisma Cloud policies remediated:

 - GCP VM instances have serial port access enabled
 - GCP VM instances have block project-wide SSH keys feature disabled
 - GCP VM instances without any custom metadata information
##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - GCP Compute Engine Misconfiguration
 - This playbook remediates Prisma Cloud GCP Compute Engine alerts.  It calls sub-playbooks that perform the actual remediation steps.

Remediation:
 - GCP VM instances have serial port access enabled
 - GCP VM instances have block project-wide SSH keys feature disabled
 - GCP VM instances without any custom metadata information

##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - GCP VPC Network Firewall Misconfiguration
 - This playbook remediates the following Prisma Cloud GCP VPC Network Firewall alerts.

Prisma Cloud policies remediated:

 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to FTP port (21)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to HTTP port (80)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to MongoDB port (27017)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to MySQL DB port (3306)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to Oracle DB port (1521)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to PostgreSQL port (5432)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to RDP port (3389)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to SSH port (22)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to Telnet port (23)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to DNS port (53)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to Microsoft-DS port (445)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to NetBIOS-SSN port (139)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to POP3 port (110)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to SMTP port (25)
##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - GCP VPC Network Misconfiguration
 - This playbook remediates Prisma Cloud GCP VPC Network alerts.  It calls sub-playbooks that perform the actual remediation steps.

Remediation:

 - GCP project is using the default network
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to FTP port (21)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to HTTP port (80)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to MongoDB port (27017)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to MySQL DB port (3306)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to Oracle DB port (1521)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to PostgreSQL port (5432)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to RDP port (3389)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to SSH port (22)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to Telnet port (23)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to DNS port (53)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to Microsoft-DS port (445)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to NetBIOS-SSN port (139)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to POP3 port (110)
 - GCP Firewall rule allows internet traffic to SMTP port (25)
##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - GCP VPC Network Project Misconfiguration
 - This playbook remediates the following Prisma Cloud GCP VPC Network Project alerts.

Prisma Cloud policies remediated:

 - GCP project is using the default network
##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS CloudTrail is not Enabled on the Account
 - AWS Cloudtrail is a service which provides event history of your AWS account activity, including actions taken through the AWS Management Console, AWS SDKs, command line tools, and other AWS services. To remediate Prisma Cloud Alert "CloudTrail is not enabled on the account", this playbook creates an S3 bucket to host Cloudtrail logs and enable Cloudtrail (includes all region events and global service events).
##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS Inactive Users For More Than 30 Days
 - To increase the security of your AWS account, it is recommended to find and remove IAM user credentials (passwords, access keys) that have not been used within a specified period of time.

To remediate Prisma Cloud Alert Inactive users for more than 30 days, this playbook deactivates the user by disabling the access keys (marking them as inactive) as well as resetting the user console password.
##### Prisma Cloud Remediation - AWS Security Groups Allows Internet Traffic To TCP Port
 - This playbook extracts the TCP public Security Groups rule and provides manual/automatic options to have the rules revoked.

---

### Ransomware Pack v1.0.0

#### Playbooks
##### Ransomware Playbook - Manual
 - Master playbook for ransomware incidents. This playbook is a manual playbook.

---

### Volatility Pack v1.0.0

#### Scripts
##### AnalyzeMemImage
 - Use Volatility to run common memory image analysis commands
##### VolApihooks
 - Volatility script for command apihooks
##### VolConnscan
 - Volatility script for command connscan
##### VolDlllist
 - Volatility script for command ldrmodules
##### VolGetProcWithMalNetConn
 - Volatility script for getting the list of processes that have connections to ip address with bad reputation.
##### VolImageinfo
 - Volatility script for command imageinfo
##### VolJson
 - Execute volatility with command and file as parameters and return output as json.
##### VolLDRModules
 - Volatility script for command ldrmodules
##### VolMalfind
 - Volatility script for command ldrmodules
##### VolMalfindDumpAgent
 - Volatility script for command ldrmodules
##### VolNetworkConnections
 - Volatility script for finding all the network connections. This script runs through different commands based on the profile provided.
##### VolPSList
 - Volatility script for command pslist
##### VolRaw
 - Execute volatility with command and file as parameters and returns raw output from stdout.
##### VolRunCmds
 - Execute volatility with command and return tabular output. Incase where proper json output is not supported, scripts returns error. User should use raw command.
##### Volatility
 - Execute volatility with command and return tabular output. Incase where proper json output is not supported, scripts returns error. User should use raw command.

---

### Yara Pack v1.0.0

#### Scripts
##### YaraScan
 - Performs a Yara scan on the specified files.

---

## Improved Content
### AWS Feed Pack v1.0.1

#### Classifiers
- __AWS Feed - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

#### Integrations
- __AWS Feed__
Added default classifier and mapper.
---

### Active Directory Query Pack v1.0.0

### Scripts
- __SendEmailToManager__
---

### ApiModules Pack v1.0.1

### Scripts
- __JSONFeedApiModule__
---

### ArcSight ESM Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
- __ArcSight ESM v2__
Fixed a breaking change in the outputs of the ***as-get-security-events*** command.

---

### Awake Security Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __Awake Security__
Fixed an issue where the context did not update properly for ***awake-query-activities***, ***awake-query-devices*** and ***awake-query-activities*** commands.

---

### Base Pack v1.0.1

### Scripts
- __CommonServerPython__
Fixed IPv4 regex to only catch IPv4 addresses, not CIDR ranges.


---

### Base Pack v1.0.2
### Scripts
- __CommonServerPython__
  - Added new function **auto_detect_indicator_type** to indicate the type of indicator.
---

### Base Pack v1.0.3
### Scripts
- __CommonServerPython__
  - Added **Endpoint** Common class.

---

### Base Pack v1.0.4
### Scripts
- __CommonServerPython__  
Updated `handle_proxy` function to unset relevant environment variables when *unsecure* or *insecure* params are set.

---

### Carbon Black Defense Pack v1.1.0

#### Integrations
- __Carbon Black Defense__
 - Fixed a bug in the ***cbd-find-events*** command where hash arguments were not processed correctly.

---

### Carbon Black Enterprise Response Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __carbonblack-v2__
    - Added new context outputs for the ***cb-get-processes*** command:
        - **File.Name**
        - **File.MD5**
        - **File.Path**
        - **Endpoint.Hostname**

---

### Check Point Firewall Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
- __Check Point__
Added the **command** argument to the ***checkpoint*** command. This argument is the command to run in the firewall.

---

### Chronicle Pack v1.0.1
### Integrations
- __Google Chronicle Backstory__
Integration name has been updated

---

### Cisco Threat Grid Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __README.md__
Fixed image paths in documentation.


---

### Claroty Pack v1.0.1

#### Classifiers
- __Claroty - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

#### Integrations
- __Claroty__
Added default classifier and mapper.

---

### Cofense Feed Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __Cofense Feed__
Fixed a bug where the 'test' button always returned a positive 
answer.

---

### Cofense Feed Pack v1.0.2

#### Integrations
- __Cofense Feed__
Removed the threat type **phish**.

---

### Common Playbooks Pack v1.0.1

### Playbooks
- __Detonate File - Generic__
---

### Common Scripts Pack v1.0.1
### Scripts	
__ParseEmailFiles__	
- Fixed an issue parsing EML files encoded with a BOM.	
- Fixed an issue with header parsing.


---

### Common Scripts Pack v1.1.0
### Scripts
- __SetGridField__
    - Fixed an issue with a dictionary element.
    - Added support for lists of values.
    - Added support for unpacking nested elements.
    - The argument **keys** is no longer mandatory, all the keys will be taken by default.


---

### Common Scripts Pack v1.1.1

### Scripts
- __CreateIndicatorFromSTIXTest__
---

### Common Scripts Pack v1.1.2

### Scripts
- __IsIPInRanges__
    - Added private IP address ranges.

---

### Common Types Pack v1.0.1

#### Classifiers
- __Mail Listener - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

---

### Cortex Data Lake Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __Cortex Data Lake__
  - Fixed a bug in the ***cdl-query-logs*** when no records are found for a given query.

---

### CrowdStrike Falcon Streaming Pack v1.0.1

#### Classifiers
- __CrowdStrike Falcon Streaming - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

---

### Cybereason Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __README.md__
Fixed image paths in documentation.


---

### Cymulate Pack v1.0.1

#### Classifiers
- __Cymulate - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

#### Integrations
- __Cymulate__
Added default classifier and mapper.

---

### D2 Pack v1.0.0
### Scripts
- __StaticAnalyze__
---

### Demisto REST API Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
- __Demisto REST API__
Fixed an issue in which URL endpoints given with forward slash character as prefix were not processed as expected. 
---

### Deprecated Content Pack v1.0.3

### Playbooks
- __Phishing Playbook - Manual__
  - Added the **Phishing Playbook - Manual** playbook to the DeprecatedContent pack.

---

### Deprecated Content Pack v1.0.4

### Integrations
- __SafeBreach__
Use the **SafeBreach v2** integration instead.

---

### Deprecated Content Pack v1.1.0

### Integrations
- __PostgreSQL__
  - Added PostgreSQL to Deprecated Pack.

---

### Deprecated Content Pack v1.1.1

### Scripts
- __DBotPredictPhishingLabel__

---

### Deprecated Content Pack v1.1.2

### Scripts
- __DBotPreparePhishingData__

---

### EWS Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
- __EWS v2__#### Classifiers
- __EWS v2 - Classifier__
-
---

### Elasticsearch Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __README.md__
Fixed image paths in documentation.


---

### Elasticsearch Feed Pack v1.0.1
### Integrations
- __Elasticsearch Feed__
  - Fixed an issue where the integration would handle `Generic Feed` as `Cortex XSOAR Feed`.


---

### Expanse Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __Expanse__
  - Added support for filtering incident creation by Expanse Exposure severity level.



---

### FakePack1 Pack v1.1.0

#### Integrations
- __FakePack1_Integration1__
  This is a fake minor release note.
- __FakePack1_Integration2__
  This is a fake minor release note.

---

### FakePack1 Pack v2.0.0

#### Integrations
- __FakePack1_Integration1__
  This is a fake major release note.
- __FakePack1_Integration2__
  This is a fake major release note.

---

### FakePack2 Pack v1.1.0

#### Scripts
- __FakePack2_Script1__
  This is a fake minor release note.

---

### FakePack3 Pack v1.0.1

#### Scripts
- __FakePack3_Script1__
  This is a fake minor release note.- __FakePack3_Script2__
- Another release note.
---

### FakePack4 Pack v1.0.1
<!-#### Scripts
- __FakePack4_Script1__
  This is a fake minor release note.
  
  
#### Integrations-->

---

### FakePack4 Pack v1.1.0
#### Scripts
- __FakePack4_Script1__
  This is a fake minor release note.
  
<!-#### Integrations
- ignored
-->

---

### FireEye HX Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __README.md__
Fixed image paths in documentation.


---

### FireEye HX Pack v1.0.2
-
---

### FortiSIEM Pack v1.0.0

### Integrations
- __FortiSIEM__
Fixed an issue where the authentication did not work properly.


---

### GDPR Pack v1.0.1

#### Playbooks
- __GDPR Breach Notification__
---

### GenericSQL Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __Generic SQL__
Fixed an issue where connecting to an MS SQL database using an encrypted connection failed.


---

### Gmail Pack v1.0.1

#### Classifiers
- __Gmail - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

#### Integrations
- __Gmail Single User__
Added default classifier and mapper.
---

### Gmail Single User (Beta) Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
- __Gmail Single User__
Added default classifier and mapper.

#### Classifiers
- __Gmail Single User - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

---

### Google Vault Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __README.md__
Fixed image paths in documentation.


---

### HelloWorld Pack v1.1.0

### Integrations
- __HelloWorld__
  - Grammar correction for code description.

### Scripts
- __HelloWorldScript__
  - Grammar correction for code description.
.

---

### HelloWorld Pack v1.1.1
<!-#### Playbooks
- __Handle Hello World Alert__
Minor grammar fix
-->
Corrected minor grammatical issues in the `Handle Hello World` playbook.
---

### HelloWorld Pack v1.1.2

### Integrations
- __HelloWorld__
Changed category to Utilities

---

### HelloWorld Pack v1.1.3

#### Integrations
- __HelloWorld__
Added default classifier and mapper.

#### Classifiers
- __Hello World - Classification__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

- __Hello World - Incoming Mapper__
Added incoming mapper.
---

### IBM QRadar Pack v1.0.2

#### Classifiers
- __QRadar - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

#### Integrations
- __QRadar__
Added default classifier and mapper.
---

### IBM Resilient Systems Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __IBM Resilient Systems__
Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-incident*** command did not pull all incidents.

---

### Illusive Networks Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
- __IllusiveNetworks__
Added default classifier and mapper.

#### Classifiers
- __Illusive Networks - Classification__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

- __Illusive Networks - Incoming Mapper__
Added incoming mapper.
---

### Indeni Pack v1.0.1

#### Playbooks
- __Indeni Demo__
---

### Indeni Pack v1.0.2

#### Integrations
- __Indeni__
Added default classifier and mapper.

#### Classifiers
- __Indeni - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

---

### Indeni Pack v1.0.3

### IncidentTypes
- __Indeni Incident__
---

### Logz.io Pack v1.0.1


### IncidentTypes
- __Logz.io Alert__#### Integrations
- __Logz.io__
Added default classifier and mapper.

#### Classifiers
- __Logz.io - Classification__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

- __Logz.io - Incoming Mapper__
Added incoming mapper.

---

### Logz.io Pack v1.0.2
<!-### Playbooks
- __Logz.Io Handle Alert__

### Integrations
- __Logz.io__
-->

---

### MITRE ATT&CK Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __MITRE ATT&CK__
Fixed an issue where the **insecure** and **proxy** parameters were not passed while fetching indicators.


---

### McAfee Active Response Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __README.md__
Fixed image paths in documentation.


---

### Microsoft Graph Mail Single User Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __Microsoft Graph Mail Single User__
Fixed an issue in which some emails were not fetched as incidents.


---

### Microsoft Graph Mail Single User Pack v1.0.2

#### Integrations
- __Microsoft Graph Mail Single User__#### Classifiers
- __Microsoft Graph Mail Single User - Classification__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

- __Microsoft Graph Mail Single User - Incoming Mapper__
Added incoming mapper.
---

### Microsoft Graph Security Pack v2.0.0

### Integrations
- __Microsoft Graph__
- Added fetch-incidents function and unit test


---

### Microsoft Intune Feed Pack v1.0.0
### Integrations
- __Microsoft Intune Feed__
---

### Microsoft Teams Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
- __Microsoft Teams__
Improved error handling.

---

### Mimecast Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
- __MimecastV2__
Fixed parsing of responses for the ***create-mimecast-incident*** command.

---

### MongoDB Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __MongoDB__  
Fixed an issue when pulling a object that contains date.



---

### Non Supported Pack v1.0.0
### Scripts
- __FindSimilarIncidents__
Fixed an issue where incidents with numbered keys raised an error.


---

### OnboardingIntegration Pack v1.0.1
#### Classifiers
- __Onboarding Integration - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

#### Integrations
- __OnboardingIntegration__
Added default classifier and mapper.

---

### PAN-OS Pack v1.0.1
### Integrations
- __Panorama__ 
- Replaced the spaces in the URL context output of the **!panorama-create-edl** command to `%20`.   

---

### PAN-OS Pack v1.0.2

### Integrations
- __Panorama__
- POST request parameterss are now passed through body and not through the URI.


---

### PANW Comprehensive Investigation Pack v1.0.0
<!-comment
-->
---

### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response Pack v1.0.1

#### Classifiers
- __Cortex XDR - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

#### Integrations
- __Cortex XDR - IR__
Added default classifier and mapper.

---

### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Service Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __EDL__
- Added request parameters through URL


---

### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS EDL Service Pack v1.0.2
### Integrations
- __EDL__
- Added request parameters through URL
- __README.md__

### Playbooks
- __PAN-OS EDL Service Configuration__
  - New playbook added to the EDL pack - EDL Service Configuration. A single-run playbook which enables Cortex XSOAR's built-in External Dynamic List (EDL) as a service with PAN-OS native EDL Objects to create firewall policy rules that continuously updates with Cortex XSOAR built-in indicator managment cpabilities.

---

### Palo Alto Networks Traps Pack v1.0.0
### Integrations
- __Traps__

- __Palo Alto Traps ESM (Beta)__


---

### Palo Alto Networks WildFire Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __WildFire-v2__
Fixed an issue in which the ***wildfire-get-sample*** command returned the wrong filename.

---

### Phishing Pack v1.1.0
<!-Renamed files. No need for RNs
-->
---

### Phishing Pack v1.1.1
### Layouts
- __Phishing__
  - Removed custom fields from the incident Quick View layout that raised warnings.


---

### Phishing Pack v1.1.2
Moved Phishing Playbook - Manual to this pack
---

### Prisma Cloud Pack v1.0.0
This pack contains Prisma Cloud related content.

---

### Prisma Cloud Pack v1.0.1

#### Classifiers
- __Prisma Cloud - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.
- __Prisma Cloud App - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.



---

### Prisma Cloud Pack v1.0.2

#### Classifiers
- __Prisma Cloud - Classifier__
---

### Prisma Cloud (RedLock) Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
- __RedLock__
Added defAdded default classifier and mapper.ault classifier and mapper.
---

### Prisma Cloud Compute Pack v1.0.1

#### Classifiers
- __Palo Alto Networks Prisma Cloud Compute - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

---

### ProtectWise Pack v1.0.0
### Scripts
- __PWObservationPcapDownload__
Fixed an issue where an error was raised when only one sensor id was provided.



---

### RTIR Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
- __RTIR__
Improved parsing of ticket history and ticket links.

---

### Ransomware Pack v1.0.0
<!-comment
-->
---

### Recorded Future Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __Recorded Future__
Fixed an issue in **recorded-future-get-related-entities** where the command output was mishandled.


---

### SafeBreach - Breach and Attack Simulation platform Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __integration-SafeBreach_README.md__
Fixed image paths in documentation.


---

### Salesforce Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __integration-Salesforce_README.md__
Fixed image paths in documentation.


---

### ServiceNow Pack v1.1.0

### Integrations
- __ServiceNow v2__
  - Added the *incident_name* parameter, to allow the user to choose the column from ServiceNow on which the fetched incidents will be named.
  - Fixed an issue where system proxy settings were always being used.
  - Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** command with attachments did not work as expected.


---

### ServiceNow Pack v1.1.1

### Integrations
- __ServiceNow v2__
Fixed the timestamp field parameter description.


---

### ServiceNow Pack v1.1.2

#### Integrations
- __ServiceNow v2__
Fixed an issue in which the **ServiceNow ticket column to be set as the incident name** parameter was not initialized with the default value as expected.

---

### Shodan Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __Shodan_v2__
Fixed an issue in which searching for an IP address without information raised an error.

---

### Signal Sciences WAF Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
- __Signal Sciences WAF__
Added verification to the **Corporation Name** parameter to match the required pattern.

---

### Silverfort Pack v1.0.1

#### Playbooks
- __Silverfort Update Risk for Domain Admins Incidents__- __Silverfort Disable High Risk Account__
---

### Sixgill DarkFeed Threat Intelligence Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
- __Sixgill__
Added default classifier and mapper.

#### Classifiers
- __Sixgill - Classification__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

- __Sixgill - Incoming Mapper__
Added incoming mapper.

---

### Slack Pack v1.1.0
### Integrations
- __SlackV2__
    - Update default integration parameter to new brand name Palo Alto Networks XSOAR (formerly Demisto).

---

### Smokescreen IllusionBLACK Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
- __Smokescreen IllusionBLACK__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

#### Classifiers
- __Smokescreen IllusionBLACK - Classifier__
Added default classifier and mapper.

---

### SplunkPy Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __SplunkPy__
Added support for HTTPS handler, which uses the Python **requests** library.


---

### SplunkPy Pack v1.0.2

#### Classifiers
- __Splunk - Classifier__
Updated classifier according to new schema.

#### Integrations
- __SplunkPy__
Added defAdded default classifier and mapper.ault classifier and mapper.
---

### Stealthwatch Cloud Pack v1.0.1

#### Integrations
- __Stealthwatch Cloud__
Fixed an issue where the ***sw-update-alert*** command was not updating the alert as expected.
---

### SumoLogic Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __SumoLogic__
Changed integration image from csv to png. 


---

### ThreatConnect Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __README.md__
Fixed image paths in documentation.


---

### ThreatMiner Pack v1.0.1
### Integrations
- __ThreatMiner__
Fixed a bug in the **ip** command when searching for IP addresses that don't have reports in ThreatMiner.


---

### ThreatQ Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __README.md__
Fixed image paths in documentation.


---

### ThreatQ Pack v1.0.2

#### Integrations
- __ThreatQ v2__
Fixed an issue where indicators were duplicated in the context data.

---

### TruSTAR Pack v1.1.0

### Integrations
- __TruSTAR__
  - Breaking changes:
    - `normalized_triage_score` argument replaced by `priority_event_score` in `trustar-get-phishing-submissions` and `trustar-get-phishing-indicators` command.
    - `normalized_source_score` argument replaced by `normalized_indicator_score` in `trustar-get-phishing-indicators` command.
    - Updated context outputs on `trustar-get-phishing-submissions` and `trustar-get-phishing-indicators`.

  - Non Breaking changes:
    - Fixed `from_time` description on `trustar-get-phishing-indicators` and `trustar-get-phishing-submissions` to '24 hours ago'
    - Added -1 to list of default values in `priority_event_score` on `trustar-get-phishing-submissions`
    - Added -1 to list of default values in `priority_event_score` and `normalized_indicator_score` on `trustar-get-phishing-indicators`


---

### US - Breach Notification Pack v1.0.1

### IncidentTypes
- __US Breach Notification__
---

### Whois Pack v1.0.1

### Integrations
- __Whois__
    - Added the *Domain.Whois.QueryResult* output, which tells whether the query found a matching result.


